Welcome to a Behind the Market's podcast. I'm your host, Jeremy Schwartz, Global SIOism Tree. Alongside, Warren Findfrey Messier, Jeremy Seagull, who's also a senior economist for wisdom tree, we tackle the latest market trends every week. I'm also joined by my deep-rooted macro colleagues, Samu Rines and Chris Ganabi. Let's dive into this week's show. Well, Professor, big week, we got some earnings, but I know your focus on the worst speech. I know there's a few things that you like people behind the market will know that you like the few things you heard, but give us your full rundown of what you heard today. I like the lot of what I heard. One of the best speeches I thought from a Fed chair, I do think he turned it around. Obviously, what warned the cockles of my heart was he was saying, we have to look at the money support. And of course, that's something that you guys know that I look at all the time. I don't remember the last Fed chair. Jay Powell was dismissive. Oh, we've just really, money supply doesn't mean anything. He's bringing back something that's really important. He said we look at commodity prices. We got a real line, so when we look at data, it's all later data. He's making how many times have I been asked? I was saying, what's more important than QE or interest rates? I said interest rates are 10 to 50 times more important than QE. He said he didn't use those words, but he said, let's face it. It's much more important. He said QE as its point when you have a crisis of some sort and liquidity. He is important, but the interest rate, the chart rate, the interest rate is really important. These open market operations, not important. Size of the balance sheet is not important. At this particular juncture, that was that implication. He also owned forward guidance. He said, I believed in forward guidance and it was appropriate in the 2000. Because we didn't say so much, but he said, we lowered chart rate to zero. So how we're going to affect long term rates by saying we're going to spade low on shore and we're not at zero anymore. So all that is an important anymore and we've been wrong. Then why do we have so much forward guidance? I agree with that. Also, he talked about the indicators. Again, money supply, commodity prices, yield spreads. He did specify PC, he deflated, he didn't want to deviate from that to percentage of which ones are higher and lower. I thought was interesting. It's sort of like a trim mean type of thing. That's okay. You looked at that also. One thing I thought was quite interesting. You know, in a said, and we do know that inflation expectations, he's by the inflation swaps or, or, you know, our interest rates are a very well anchored. But we know from experience that things have very well anchored until they're not well anchored. And then, and I thought, there were, I mean, the famous Ernest Hemingway statement about how did you go bankrupt? He said slowly and then all at once. So, you know, he realizes that some of those, you know, let's not get just married. Oh, it's well anchored, you know, and everything is fine. Because, you know, he can change rapidly. On that he was hawkish. I mean, you know, he, now, this is the big thing. And you know, I, I said, I think if there weren't the midterm elections, I would say he's ready to raise the implicit probabilities as I understand if you look at it. And again, I think there really under estimates because of beta. But, you know, when from 35 to 50 after his talk on the next meeting, again, but he's he has a real hard decision about whether to wait till December. Just say, all right, I'm going to hold off until I don't want to lose President Trump, you know, after I'm nominated by President Trump and him, you're railing against me. And, um, so, you know, I think that, I think that that's going to be a consideration. But he, oh, he didn't, boy, he was more hawkish than I thought. I mean, he, he, he, he said nothing is really right now. Um, and that, you know, we need to act. I mean, then say immediately, but we need to act. So, um, that was tough. Now, why is the market up? I think the market's up because they liked what he said. It get criteria sounded, like he's doing, I think very well informed. My confidence went up in him. It's a clearing event in the sense that it's out of that. He did mention criteria. And that uncertainty that he wouldn't say anything. And then the markets would be old. The thing, and I see you see that. Of course, you're also on, I mean, you, let's face it when it was sort of a blockbuster. I mean, you went in video going with Salesforce. You know, everyone worry about, you know, software and, and then these two join and blow, blow out, boy, we had, you know, we had, we had kind of a 2% growth versus value shot shoot up on, you know, Thursday, um, even though the broad hour, it's still a flow towards those companies that do not have those, um, you know, those higher P he ratios, but clearly something like that. And then, are they poised? And, you know, now we have 425 targets for Nvidia. I mean, Wang is always pretty optimistic. But he, you know, I think, you know, right when he announced, Nvidia was down $1 or $2, and then when they got on to the air and got up to about, you know, time, you know, we can continue to 70% plus growth and unlimited blah, blah, blah, blah, very, each very convincing, very positive market took off. And then with, you know, with Salesforce, it took off. And then the end then the AI took off. Um, a little bit of a rest today, um, but basically my confidence in Worsh is going out. I'm, I'm much more positive as a result of this dex and a whole. And by the way, I thought there was a probability that he would just say nothing and just kind of go into, you know, some of the same things he said, um, on the last press conference, but I think this was much more substantive. And, and so, you know, from viewing it from a market lens, um, you think we could handle another hiker too, and it doesn't, doesn't hurt the most. Oh yeah, I mean, I think as long as everything remains strong, I mean, he said, you know, we do have a dual mandate and we're, we're looking at the labor market and well, the supply and all the rest of it. Uh, yes, I mean, hello, I look at another 25 or 50 basis points on the short radio. I mean, that money supply kind of period where I said, but look like it might be slowing down that has not really slowed down. We're still, and the, you know, we're still, and he said, he said, I'm looking not just that, you know, the monetary base and all that. Look at bank credit. I mean, you know, which is of course 90 percent of the money supply, um, and that has been increasing at a 7 or 8 percent rate. So the people been borrowing at this rate, Anna, I mean, his statement, I do not regard current rates as restrictive. Do we do that? And we got current rates as restrictive, um, you know, a 3604 given that's a long run fed funds rate, expectations 3031, you know, that, that's a statement in another self. He also talked a little bit about earnings and sort of the, uh, yeah, earnings acceleration or deceleration. Well, I don't know how they can do anything, but these salary from an incredible gain, you know, in the second and third quarter, um, um, I would say, um, yeah, I'm not quite sure, how he fits that in. That was a little bit of surprising criteria. First of all, as you know, earnings come out pretty lag. I mean, you know, it's from the last quarter, and, and that's usually anywhere from four to six weeks after the end of the previous quarter. So, I mean, you know, um, yeah, you don't really find that. That is really kind of older news. I'm not quite sure what that meant and how that figures in, that that kind of surprised me, but, um, you know, I'm not, I'm not kind of like a big deal out of it. Well, it's, uh, yeah, it's, it was a good, good day. Looks like the markets are hanging in. Yeah. I mean, the market, but it's way more and more. What I thought were really good things, saying about criteria and all the rest, not being grounded, and saying he does see those inflation expectations and all that, um, uh, you know, every would just to be in, you know, hawk is some, you would see in the market down without any, but they said, I think he listed the criteria and they're my criteria. They're more my criteria than Jay Powell's criteria, which led a mystery in 2021 and 2022. Um, and, um, yeah, you know, I mean, to bring, to bring that back, I mean, you know, I said, yeah, I mean, I'm very happy. The professor is like, I'm maybe the money, bring, I mean, listen, I'm not the money's buys the only thing. I, I realize that it isn't that way, but to say it's not any, I mean, to say money doesn't matter and monetary policy is saying, you know, uh, you know, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, a way to foster, guys was saying, atmosphere conditions don't matter. I mean, and my, for, I mean, it's it's ridiculous. monetary policy is about money. So how could money, it's a behind-not-matter. I mean, um, and, you know, him standing in that to me, I thought was, uh, uh, uh, to me, saying, boy, I mean, yeah, he has a train, training that actually Powell never had. So the question is not political on the November, um, uh, September, November one, I think, and uh, he's going to have to make his own decision and of course, going to have to see how the, the data goes. I'm, my prices are rising. I still said, as I said, even though oils and low 80s, we could deal with that. I am not, uh, discounting, uh, erroneability to try to, uh, heat up the streets of Hormuz, slow down that and drive oil over 100 before the midterms. Well, I know you were giving Powell very harsh grades. If you were giving him a student grades, we got I, I heard from these to F's here at sounds like we're giving it. Hey, I'm, I'm giving, I'm giving, uh, you know, warship, uh, an A on the speech. Um, um, uh, actually, it means tainted. If it's, it's a good any maintain it. Well, we've been done, but, you know, in a, in a way, you know, your, your speech at Jackson Hole is your own ideas. Don't forget there's no Q&A. You're not speaking for the FOMC, which is also very important in the sense that, how much are you giving your own feelings versus representing the FOMC when you're doing a press conference following a net full AMC meeting. Uh, so this is a more, you know, pure wars. And I like, I like what I saw. Let's great. Well, I will let you get to your, uh, summer weekend, but this, uh, given us the recap. Okay. Great. We'll see you next week. All right. We've got, uh, a good group here. We've got Chris Canadi Samrines and our friend Michael Fridmin, who does a lot of brought on recently and does some bar technology work. Um, this was a big week for the markets. The professor talked about the sales force, Claude announcement, uh, software has been hot. Um, you know, might we talk about that with you? Like the, uh, this quarter, it's, it's fastening. Like the software stocks are up like 35% when the AI trade is, is hurting, you know, Sammise have sort of rolled versus software interestingly. Mike, what's your big read on the video plus, uh, the other big stories you saw? Yeah, sure, Jeremy, thanks for having me. Um, I, I think the big takeway, perhaps from this week, and maybe even a video from the starting squatter is that, you know, they, I demand just remains very real. And alongside that, the market is becoming much more discerning about where the economics actually accrue. Um, and you know, and you're getting also a dynamic where some of their earlier concerns are on customer, uh, concentration or beginning, perhaps not to fade, but at least to ease. Um, on the Nvidia kind of, uh, subject, you know, you saw the data centers revenue growing triple digits here or year over year from where we're really like quite meaningful base. So I think that's an absolute tremendous number to have, uh, next quarter coming in, uh, guiding at a hundred and eight billion without China, of course. And I think also the important angle here, which kind of, uh, connects to what I was talking about the customer concentration is that their ACI e-business, which is everything about hyperscalers grew up a hundred and thirty eight percent year of a year, where hyperscalers grew about a hundred and two percent. So I mean, both of those numbers are massive, but you see that the, the whole like business, X hyperscalers is growing even more, which addresses the question about the customer concentration. And that's pretty much tells you that the demand is broadening. Uh, I'm suggesting the infrastructure cycle is broadening. And those direct cells are not just going to a small cohort of companies. So I think that's something that's really important. My other point, I was just, uh, point out here is a starter is that, you know, cyber continues to remain as a major, I've been a fishery. And it's something we've touched on this podcast already like very early in this year. And we made also the comment about, you know, buying that dip, local dip, we had in in February and in March. And I think that this continues to show in this earnings, we saw from Crowd Strike and, uh, in Octa. And I feel this something goes to be very positive about. Well, Sam, I, you know, in, in this sort of software versus semi story, if we're, if we're calling out calls, you know, you run the pod every week, but we talked about when you added software to some of your model portfolios, it was sure on our reaper this week, um, with Salesforce, uh, being the, being the leader. But how do you think about now? I mean, it's up 34% in two months, from I'm not sure from where you added in the models. But when, which probably been more than these two months, but what, what's, um, what's your sense now that you've gotten some of these gains? Is it can you continue at how, where do you feel? Where, where do I feel? I feel, this is probably the beginning of a re rate. Uh, if you look at what, you know, Salesforce put out there, one, yeah, I mean, it was a clean corner, revenue beat earnings beat, margins beat, it was it was pretty much across sport, raised guidance, uh, uh, well above, but analysts weren't anticipating. You've had that stock go all the way back to 15 times forder. So it is not as though this company is extraordinarily expensive. Uh, it's trading at a peg of what? So to me, you, the, the worst of the person who had the worst week was probably the treony, um, with some of those software calls. So I honestly, for for me, what I would say is, you know, if you look at buying a Salesforce or an Adobe on February 23rd, which I believe is the day after, uh, he published his ses popular piece, you're up 50% across the board, basically, on software. You've absolutely torched the market. So I would say, uh, you had an opportunity to buy some very, very good companies, that very, very reasonable multiples. And those multiples have gone all the way back to still being depressed. That is so I would say as long as they can continue to deliver as long as they continue to return cash to shareholders. Uh, this is probably this is the beginning. I probably won't be looking, uh, to trim those positions in time too. Um, Mike, you have any pushback to that take or you, are you, are you, are you a bear on software or you, are the, is the action changing some of your, your, what views? Well, I agree with them that, you know, they do have to continue to show this trajectory. Um, I would personally just be careful in terms of saying, thinking this is like a broad base software recovery. I still do believe you have to be selective in the certain pockets. Uh, you're choosing. So, you know, our call was earlier in the year about being, uh, you know, focus on the cyber companies and, and also the data related companies like a snowflake among would be in such, but, um, so I would say like the bear case was just a completely unsolved or just a specific pockets there. Um, but I think we do see some, uh, you know, a huge rally from the bottom as a whole group that that's for sure. And the sets of apocalypse that Sam mentioned is probably behind us and I would say maybe the, um, they safer way to define it or not, maybe that there's a, a broad base rally, but perhaps that we have seen the bottom or just like some kind of a, of a floor support level to those names, uh, specifically about about Salesforce. I would I point out to, uh, you know, there's a very, well, a, the position for them and just over for software was just very poor. The sentiment was just, you know, very, uh, exhausted. So that's why you see such a huge, huge moves in those names whenever there's a little bit of a better than estimated, whether results are a bit, especially if there's a raise. Um, we had, so we had a very big announcement there between them and Thropic, um, which created this kind of a rally as well. And it's a start. I mean, it's a start because, you know, they're organically guided or raised about $100 million, which is still fairly small, um, versus there, you know, total sales in, in, in the 40 billion, but it is a start. And, you know, we need to continue to see those kind of data points to be able to kind of voice better, uh, that, you know, kind of the call that this is a broad base. Rally, I still think that some of the in-front name are giving you a better view that, you know, they have a real earnings power revenue. Uh, but this is definitely, uh, there are in a better place that there were six months ago. I mean, I remember seeing this sales force was one that we would talk about on the show. And I, I would talk about how, hey, we're customers of sales force. Oh, like, are we more likely to try to develop our own sales force or just build AI tools on top of it? And, we're also customers of data bricks. And we, it's been using the data bricks genies. And, I mean, the, the plug-in, some of your data into these data bricks genies and people who couldn't build as much analytical tools didn't have as much firepower behind just having the data in the system. What you can do with things like the data bricks genies has been, you know, quite impressive as it, as it started. But, you know, that you, you get, you know, you say, like, why couldn't sales force develop the things like the, uh, the, uh, the, the, the, the, the and thropic combination of putting some really great AI queries on top of their data. And I guess obviously, they've been trying, but there's nothing, I mean, we also use quad. So if you're able to, if it'll be interesting to see, you know, what is the offering? Do we feel like some of our tools that with the data bricks and the creations and just what we're easy with sales force already, is the new quad force really more meaningful than what we're, we're doing and how's that impact pricing? But it's interesting that this partnership, and then you've got, uh, the, the, we're not trying to kill everybody. We're trying to, you know, be a partner. So that was kind of interesting. Well, and, and it's worth remembering that I'm guessing part of the reason that they partnered with the anaerobic is because they owned, uh, did an excise portion of anaerobic. Yeah. So it's kind of one of those where anthropicos, public and then all sudden sales force balance sheet looks a little bit better. There's a lot of these investors in anaerobic that people have proxy zoom is another one of those that has, uh, some exposure. Chris, we, we've been quite to start, but Chris is also one of our resident tech tech guys. You were listening to a podcast, Chris with an AI bear, um, give us your hot takes on the podcast of the, the, the, the, the guy throwing shade on the whole AI story. Yeah. Oh, no, I was, uh, I, I go in and, um, diarrhea of the CEO is, uh, you know, very, very popular podcast. I'm sure some, some of the listeners have heard of it. Listen to it. Um, there was a two and a half hour episode. I think that was posted yesterday. The guy's name is, uh, Ed Zetron. And I, you know, immediately saw him, uh, going out to the compounds. And, and it's not like he's like written a book to my knowledge or anything like that because sometimes people write books and they end up on every podcast. So I was kind of curious, uh, and, and look, I'll take the time and, uh, while I'm on the, the peloton in the morning, just the listen, uh, at 1.5 speed to 1.5 hours. And it was a lot of anecdotal stuff. It wasn't, you know, he didn't really explain why a AI doesn't work or, or can't work. Like any time someone says AI can't work. Like what I would love to hear is, okay, they, uh, got into the mechanistic interpretability and they're explaining, you know, the scaling law and why the scaling law has seemed to work. And the scaling law, put simply is more data, more compute, more power, uh, better results over time. And it could absolutely be true that just doing that does not continually improve forever. So I'm not saying that's guaranteed on true, but I am saying that there was no sort of evidence given, uh, or discussion of those terms. There was a lot of, it, it felt like he like felt badly that, you know, Sam Altman and Dario Amade talk their book. But in in reality, I mean, politicians talk their book every CEO is talking their book. I mean, we can't expect, uh, you know, 100% truth all the time from these public figures. We know they're trying to sell a story and at times we're trying to sell a story and that's just, you know, to be a true analyst, you kind of have to understand, okay, this guy is selling a story. Uh, maybe every word that he's saying is not 100% accurate. It's sort of like the Elon Musk timelines where it's our job to sort of figure out, okay, there might be a two to two and a half year lag between when he tells us a certain thing versus when it's uh, fully happening, but um, it's, it's uh, it's well and good. And so, uh, I kind of walked away thinking it's, it's, it's impressive to feel like I learned nothing in uh, two and a half hours. But that's, that's, that's where I was at the end of the game. And to the completely clear, Chris is being far more generous and I would say, um, uh, expansive than he was in our, uh, you know, in our chats about what he really thought about this podcast. I don't know down. They're on down. I'm at the end of it at the end of it. It is an interesting statement to make because I was thinking about Dr. Michael Burre who's still is a public figure. And it's a hundred percent true that this was a guy who was looking at page by page of hundred, two hundred, three hundred page documents on commercial mortgage back securities. And he was going bank to bank and being rejected, uh, to the point where there was even a Christian Bill character that that was played, uh, playing the role of him, uh, and, and essentially, there's something to be said when someone has an negative view and they do the homework and they like make a position and then make a billion dollars or whatever the exact amount was. So I mean, this guy at the end of the discussion said he's got no money in the market. He's a hundred percent in cash. He thinks the whole market is a casino. And again, like, what one of the things that triggers me, it feels like is if someone just says the whole market is a casino. I mean, yes, uh, we exist because maybe the S&P is a bit concentrated in certain things and you can slice and die equities and all sorts of different ways. I mean, Wizz and Trion others exist for that purpose. But to, to again, say the entire market is just a casino, uh, as a blanket statement, uh, to me. And again, I will listen. If somebody talks from two and a half hours, I'll listen to the full two and a half. And it's, it's hard to hide when, uh, when you're talking for, for the full two and a half. Well, S&P at 20 times earnings is literally what we say, you know, we've said in, in a lot of Seagulls work last 20 years at 20 was what we thought fair value on this. He was it's a 5% earnings yield. He had 78% nominal returns, 5% real returns, uh, and equilibrium at a 20 PE. We've got more competition from tips. So that's another one of these big stories. Hey, the 30 years close to 3% haven't had 30 year tips at 3% in 25 years. Um, but, uh, you know, two and a half percent on the 10 year tips still give you, you know, doubling your money and stocks twice as fast as you would in tips. So yes, the question is lower, but it is still a reasonable equity premium in 2000. We got to a negative equity premium on the S&P versus tips at 4%. The 10 year tips was at 4%. So, you know, there's room for that all. But let, let Mike, you're, you're not an unabashed, um, well, you like to outline the bull, the bear on all these things. If we were to make the bear case on AI, um, you know, I think there, there's these questions on and we all, we always put you to Oracle. It's like the poster child of a company to bed against Open AI. Like they're, they're shorting Oracle in general. This is Blake Assayman. But as a proxy that Open AI won't be able to meet their commitments and you say they're being, they're everybody's diversifying who's buying these things. So I think part of the bothies is something like Oracle would be, all right, let's say Open I doesn't make the commitments. It used to be like a huge, huge percentage. Like very, very concentrated. Now it's much more spread, but there'd be a broader diverse case. What would be the bear case on the video today? I mean, at 70% they're saying 45% was what the street was for revenue growth next year. They're saying 70 because they're supply constrained. Let's go through, if I wanted to bed against the video. Um, and I don't, I think it's a value stock. But like what would you say is the bear case? Hey, we lost Mike. Yes, sorry. I wasn't new bags and I think, but yeah, that's a tough question. I mean, AI just like, you know, valuation wise, it's still incredibly compelling stock, right? I mean, it's trading even at half of the multiple of of a, of a more well nowadays, even less than that I think. So it is tough to make like a bear case, but I guess like the bear case here and like you mentioned something we were writing about, you know, obviously the physical supply constraint can prevent them from from the demand. And they do mention that if they had no constraint instead of a 70% FY28, they will be at a 100% growth FY20. So that's a bit telling to say there's, so the demand question is off the question. The supply constraint okay that might hit it and they will miss the numbers because of that, but then there's a certain like the flexibility here that the demand is actually there. So they're just missing sales because of of timing, but still the market can punish the, of course. Um, the persistent I think, bear case is one that you saw that with them in the past two and three years. You also saw that Vago is the gross margin. All right, you're saying the gross margin is gonna, is gonna plummet here. But we saw that in the past two years every single time that the gross margin not moving too aggressively lower. You know, are they gonna move down to 73 72% in as couple of quarters? Sure, but the market is also kind of pricing that and ready for that. So it's not like you're cratering to 60% gross margin. So, and then you know, Nvidia for Swaldasland whenever they've been you, product client they actually maintain their gross margin. So that's kind of breaking that apart. So again, the bear case here is really tough specifically on them. And the bottom of the bear case really is requiring that they both the utilization and demand disappointment and evidence that an individual expanding role in financing and non-derinder system is just not happening. So that whole financing, you know, elephant kind of drawing the people do. That's what really scares people. The circular financing angle. But again, the demand is showing you that it's not really a problem. So the bear case here, I would say is even just a market bear case. Like the stock will go down if the market really goes down and just positioning wise, you know, software has a really small poor position. So if you have some really great prints, what's gonna happen? People will run to buy software and the Wadderry sell. They sell Samy's and they sell Nvidia. So that's really, you know, it's kind of like a almost a market dynamic. It's interesting. I mean, one of the I guess, one of the things I was seeing on social media a lot was this hot ships conference in and I guess that's Stanford where they're doing a lot of the conversation on the latest big tech, you know, ship companies giving some developments and open AI made news with their jalapeno chip, which seemed to have some spicy results, says that everybody jokes. But it seems to be like one of these first ships developed with AI. So this big development, now Jensen, I think, was quoted on on a creamer show saying sort of a looting to like maybe some of these new custom ships don't always come to fruition as much as they, you know, first make out to be. So that was kind of interesting for Jensen throwing shade at jalapeno a little bit. But any big big stories you guys saw from this hot ships conference? I agree with Jensen from the standpoint of it's easy to be thinking in terms of like a prototype and like some analysis and others covered the research. So in like the prototype stage, the result is amazing compared to black well. The result is amazing. They did specifically note that compared to Ruben, it may not look as amazing. Ruben might actually perform. But we always have to remember what Nvidia is doing is there bringing an entire system essentially to the market in less than a year, cadence, give or take. And they're doing it on a repeat basis year after year after year. A lot of what we get are here's a new custom ship. They've proved that they can make the prototype. They haven't yet proved. Can they do the whole system? Can they produce that scale? Can they go to the next system? Because of course, it's ship is not just you make one and that's it. You ride off into the sunset. You got to make the next one. The next one. You got to do the extreme code design with all the other suppliers and players. So none of these custom efforts so far have kind of proved decides maybe Google with the TPU but there are sort of nine iterations in that they can do the whole game on repeat for 10 years plus. That is a big yield to climb. Sam, I guess in other news this week, and the stock we've talked about a bit meta. It seems like it was in the news. How do you view this settlement? It was at an overhang to the stock. You get some clearance. And now that could be an exactly the lowest price of the mag seven today. There's for getting punished for their spend. You could say we had this overhang on the social media lawsuits. It's sort of like a tobacco stock people. You know, it's sort of a dicking like a tobacco stock. But in a now, there's sort of pointing at these other social media apps. But what do you think is, is what was the the story behind the settlement? Is that now more cleared for a reweight also? I would say it was certainly an overhang. Meta saying that it was a potential 1.4, 1.5 trillion dollar settlement was always a touch ridiculous. You know, when a surprise means see something substantially larger than what they actually agreed to. But it does appear that without TikTok and YouTube joining the party, it's about 10 billion over 10 years. 10 billion over 10 years for meta is not all that much funny. Frankly, it's just not. And part of the reason I would suggest that they settled the case was they don't make a whole lot of money off the 13, 17 years. It's no mystery to UNI that 13 to 17 year olds don't have a whole lot of their own money. They're really not the cohort that you want to advertise to. So while they might spend a lot of time on social media, they're really not that profitable. So the thinking I would say from meta was wait a minute, let's settle this case because we really don't care if these 13, 17 year olds are on the platform to begin with. Remember, you get a Facebook did start as a college platform, which I would argue is kind of part of the thinking as well. They understand where they understand where they're making the money. They don't really care about that 13, 17 year olds. Go or guess who does? YouTube. TikTok. Those are the companies that really care. I'm shadow. My foredown show. It's on Zia. I keep crying away for them to make money off of her, but she definitely lives on Snapchat. I wish I could be on Pride away. But well, well, if you extrapolate this settlement across the various platforms, it's probably meta that cares the least about losing the ability to reach the 13 to 17 year old. They do, they're like, okay, whatever. They don't matter on the revenue line. We're going to pretend we're doing all these things to protect them, but in reality, we just don't care whether they're on here for more than an hour a day. It's just not something that's going to make us any so that's the meta settlement where they call out TikTok and YouTube specifically was genius. That is creating a headwind for your competitors and getting out kind of, I would say, easy on the settlement side. On the overall, on the overall kind of spectrum of these meta-interesting now, it was interesting before it's just as interesting now. There's a, I would say, a number of ways for meta to begin to new montays AI. There already have with their advertising and you know, delivering a better feed. They've showed that in their earnings calls. Where I would say, this is to the question that you asked Michael earlier, if all of a sudden, you have a significant amount of lawsuits coming up against some of these very large hyperscaler. Remember, YouTube is a subsidiary of alphabet. If all of a sudden you have, you know, something come up against other hyperscalers on the lawsuit front, if you have very significant settlements, all of a sudden, what are those settlements do? They reduce your ability to finance some of the commitments you might have made. So I do think part of the reason that Nvidia ran so much following its earnings is your beginning to see some of that overhang where, you know, potentially, if you settled, had to settle this thing for 1.1 or 1.2 trillion, meta wasn't exactly about to be buying a whole lot of Nvidia chips for the foreseeable future. So I think some of the headwind was also that you don't have the hyperscalers, potentially, facing the type of payouts that they could have. Michael, you mentioned Marvel, which was another interesting one this week, Jensen earlier, Edith Fwannick, Jensen, like, as listening to the earnings call, and he cracked a joke about, you know, how do you know what stock to buy, just look at what he was having dinner with, but he had called to how the, you know, Marvel is being like a trillion dollar company, which would be, you know, whether next trillion of our companies, he said that at one of his earlier speeches. And that's like a five times increase from where it is today, I think, but they had some news with Alphabet this week, right? And and you sure had to read on that and what, and was it bad for Bronkomer, not you want to talk through what you saw from Marvel and sort of the ups and downs? It's been having some volatility this week. Yeah. So, you know, the stock also just ran from Endis, they write ahead of it, because of what you mentioned, the Google warrants agreement being worth up to $12.2 billion in shares. So, that's really inflated a little bit the stock. The print itself was great. I mean, you know, the delivery, the very clean beaten raise, record revenue, going 37% here and here earnings, also ahead of guidance and really a very clean print, but again, just the, the move itself ahead of it was there downfall. It's basically ran it ahead of what management also was willing to quantify on this Google approach. Over the fundamentals, just keep accelerating. But also the other thing is that management was not really upfront about those questions and they said they will provide more details in their investor day in October 6. So, that's why the stock is selling off. But I think what's also important here is not just the, this printed self, but also turn this end maybe some other readfruits and I would say, you know, some of them are that we understand that to play the market here on computing infrastructure, it's not just a game of GPU races asex. That may be what it was two and three years ago. By it's becoming more meaningful because now you're also able to, you're able to choose not either or you can choose our things that's basically a derivative. And what does it mean? It means that, you know, you can choose the layers of it or connect. You can check the layers of optics of memory of the system layers surrounded the compute itself. So, by Marvel having such a great earnings print and by Nvidia having, I think that's also symbolizes that, that the game is not just that. What I also want to add before is something Chris was pointing out about a GPU versus a second. We had that same kind of debate last year exactly last summer in Jets and also again, you know, had a really great speech during earnings and later in his interviews. And what I say the way to view that is overall just AI workloads are also constantly changing. All right. And there's a premium when you're able to move quickly. Now, sometimes a custom chip and asic is much better in a certain work floor and a certain environment. And then those customers, which are mostly the hyperscoes, because they able to fund those projects, they will use those A6 to run those specific workloads. But it doesn't replace an actual GPU system that an Nvidia provides you because they probably almost like an entire AI factory. They provide you not just the PU, but they also provide the CPUs that networking, the cool the system integration, broader developer ecosystem. Like you're you're getting a very flexible solution that you have also to deploy quickly. And it's also able to get adapted to your workloads quite quickly as well. And that's what the big secret of why it video is still growing so much. And why asic is just not as just complete like replacement. It's more as an additive kind of another layer for those huge customers to be able to use just because the economics makes more sense on a certain workload. So they will choose a custom asic that's designed for that versus an Nvidia that's able to get adapted to anything they really need. Chris, anything else do you want to focus on this week with all the news stories that hit? I was looking at one on quantum computing. You know, my my perennial topic, there's a company called essentially quantum computing in QCI. And it was interesting to see any anytime variance puts out an article first on quantum computing because there aren't that many in the course of the year. I always noticed it. Second, it was relatively long article. A third, it was noting both some positives and some short reports. So for anyone going over to the subs that I'm working on sort of a deep a deep take on, you know, the science behind this entropy quantum computing which admittedly hadn't hadn't gone deep down the rabbit hole of entropy based quantum computing before. But we'll try to seek to explain what that is and then dig into as well what the short reports are ultimately getting at. But if anyone follows quantum computing as I do, they might have seen that article and certainly something to look into. Yeah, we, you know, that's been one of the places where you wonder, like, well, I was with a client who had been on one of your calls on that topic for us and, you know, the question came up is like, well, AI now start to speed up the development. Like, you know, you, it wasn't so long ago that Jensen, like, made fun of quantum being so far out and then is reading correct it himself. Yes, quite quickly. I always wish I could speak to the person that he spoke to between it because he's not wants to like change on a dime like that a complete one 80, you know, was one statement. It will probably be something in 15 years and then the next statement was basically almost a version of I take that back and then so I'm sitting there going like, what research did he see and how do I get my hands on that? Sam, we've been talking tech a lot. Was there things outside of tech that happened? There's a few earnings reports, some retailers, some other things, anything really catcher at this week? I would say retail earnings have been a little all over the map in terms of the reaction to them, but best fight had better than anticipated same store sales. I don't think many people had that on their radar, but then you had a number of clothing retailers, feeder names as well. Then you had exporting goods which bought foot locker for those that don't follow the spaces closely. I do. Basically say we shouldn't have bought foot locker and then trade it down, do something like 30% on the day. I would say that is indicative much less of a consumer issue and much more of a corporate issue. You had a number of the dollar tree type retailers and else earnings, perfectly fine. Best fight, we find Abercrombie very, very good. I would say the lesson that we learned from the consumer this week was that the consumer is still there, just don't do bad deals. Gap was good today too, people. It was great going. I think we hit the tech stories pretty deep, there was anything else that in your weekly wrap that you think we should cover? I think maybe we can just discuss what's the core views we have after because Zamina earnings is quite almost over. We have Oracle obviously coming up early September. I always think that statement is that the model, we're moving from a model, development phase of AI into the commercialization phase which we also talked about. I think a lot of ago Jeremy on your podcast. The first chapter was about whether the models can become capable enough to actually matter the second chapter which we're still kind of in the midst of it is the ability infrastructure to support them which we see still ongoing from those earnings. The next one is where AI produces really economic value and what is that? Whether it's either better products or lower costs or higher utilization or strong security or new revenue streams or maybe all of them combined. I think that's why we can still remain constructive long-term of this opportunity but still remain selective. The winners also I think are not necessarily the companies with a flash-shows demo or the loud-to-say-eye message or the first to be in that specific line of business. It's more the companies that can turn AI into a like a re-croring economic engine in all of those kind of things that we subscribe. I think last thing I want to say on software again is that the focus becomes on the businesses that own proprietary data or critical system of record or having an embedded enterprise workflow and pretty much just have a real chance to make AI additive to them. I still believe that the more commoditized or the seat-based models are facing a genuine disruption risk and that's perhaps well like some people will be re-adding shorts. So there's definitely opportunities just need to be selective and I think that's overall how would I view software? And of course you do know my view about cyber. Two ways make a mark here. You got to have the pros and the cons and all this stuff. It's always great to get the bull and bear case and these different topics but it seems to be validating this thesis that as you know I keep putting Sam back to Sam about you know where are we in the profit margin cycle. I love to quote a few weeks ago of you know we haven't even started singing the National Anthem in terms of profits generally you know profit margins generally going up yes the tech companies but maybe for horses new earnings to sell oration or sell oration model. It won't just be the big big tech leaders can be everybody else. So let's see if we get that broadening. It'll be like his PCE breath of PCE components is profit margins at breath you know starting to improve not just concentrated at the top so I'd be interesting to be watching Chris any closing thoughts? I was just noting you you published that a gold piece on July 7th we published some other gold pieces and I know in the in the the sphere of ex people have been talking a bit about gold and and if people are actually you know nervous about something because it's okay to have a bearish views gold might be one of the more interesting places to go to look to see and to ultimately see what's what's going on there and and there's been a bit of a response whether looking at some of the miners looking at the metal itself looking at certain other combinations it's been it's been an interesting story of late and I don't know the figure if if someone actually you know followed your article and invested in the metal on July 7th I don't know what the return has been since then but it was possibly pretty good. Very good and definitely yeah we were talking about it bottoming out or it looked like signs of a bottoming out and I was looking at the flows year to date and it did turn the last 30 days so clearly with this upturn it's it's turned but I feel it's been an outflows 4 billion on the year across the night that I think is what I saw for the commodity category if my data was updated right but I think it's still a category I see generally under position like this there's 16 trillion in ETFs in the US commodities with a focus so that basically gold so over these same commodities but really gold is only like 300 something billions like 2% of the whole market call it so it remains a pretty small location for people I think and it definitely seems like one of those things it's definitely as we go later on Friday seems to be taking the the wash hawkishness a little bit as a little headwind but I think there's still some good detail once too. All right guys well we didn't get the August volatility you'd say you know it's been a challenging time of year it really hasn't been a we haven't seen real bear market series hopefully September stays strong as well love to hear the professor give Worshne no no hawk Martian takes from the professor but my Chris Sam always great to be with you guys thanks for coming on. I'll be you. Thank you very much. I'm not tired of myself any investment products. Have a great week.