Welcome to a Behind the Market's podcast. I'm your host, Jeremy Schwartz, Global SIOism Shriek. Alongside, Warren Find Professor Jeremy Seagull, who is also a senior economist for wisdom free, we tackle the latest market trends every week. I'm also joined by my deep-rooted macro colleagues, Samu Ryan's Jeff Winnerger and Chris Ganati. Let's dive into this week's show. Welcome to a holiday themed edition of Behind the Market's Recording Thursday with the market's often Friday, so we're getting the professors' instant reaction to the jobs report, Professor. The markets are in a good mood. They kind of like what they heard from worse this week. They like a little softness in the jobs report. Yeah, I think they like the fact that wars said when making progress on inflation, then when he said we're going to meet our target again, they got a little scared. But this, okay, let's talk about this. This is an interesting report. Labor market report. Of course, they had line numbers coming way below, but in some sense, they were almost unbelievably high in the previous two months. Remember, the narrative from everyone was that the steady state rate of payroll growth was down to zero to 50, zero to 60, and all of a sudden we're getting this 150 and all that. Well, where are they coming from? Well, maybe they were overstated. In fact, we had pretty big downward revisions. Still high, but downward revisions to more normal numbers that people think are sustained available. But let me tell you what I thought was really the collapse of the participation rate down. So I looked it up, and the participation rate fluctuated wildly during COVID because of all that. If we take out COVID, we are at the lowest participation rate in 50 years. That's the percentage of the working age population that's working. This was crazy. If you take, and that's all a computer from the household. The household said, we lost 500,000 jobs last month. Oh my God. But why did the unemployment rate go down there? Because 750,000 people stopped looking for work. I've never seen anything like that before. I mean, I'll have to go back to the data. And we do know that there's noise in the household because it is smaller. Sample and all that. But I think something to think about. I mean, people are not working. People are dropping out for whatever reason. I don't know why. Something else that we consider. Actually, what do I say? It, it, those super hot numbers that we kind of didn't really understand. I started wiped out. And now, you know, replaced by more reasonable numbers even with the revisions. That's good. And by the way, everything else is fine. We take a little bit of a job. Was claims to look fine. The jokes report looked fine. I mean, so nothing else on the labor market reports says, oh my God, things are really slowing down. That he stayed at this volatility of this. I mean, and let me mention something else that just shows you the volatility of the payroll and Goldman Sachs, who I respect dramatically and gets a lot of things right. Said, oh, it's going to have hospitality boom up by 40,000 because of the world. Well, you know, I looked at some preliminary figures. If I got those right, it was down 40,000 because of actually it looked like last month, so hiring of 40,000 came into the leisure industry, not this month. I mean, I mean, 40, I mean, that was a split in a 80 or 90,000 in terms of one category. Again, you had health care, always taking its amount without care. You know, like there's no jobs created outside of health care. Outside the world cup, I don't know, net, you know, which is obviously, you know, very exciting and we all happy with it's here and all that, but it's going to end, right? So we're in that kind of economy. And we've been in that kind of economy for quite a while. All right, let me just sort of, so you know, so I mean, we had a pretty big reaction on the two years and the 10 year, but the two year down, eight basis points on this announcement, this, let me go back to oil all's down despite what kind of true, we do or do not have on hormones, oil is down gasoline is not down as much. And I, you know, Sam, you were the one who said about that refining capacity and Russia, I think is probably one of the fact, I mean, so, you know, the spreads are record levels on the cracks, the cracks are record levels. So right now we have, we have 67 dollar WT, I, oil, we have 289 on wholesale, a gas, the F data, Dauer to get the standard retail markup, which is 389, which is exactly pretty much where the national average is right now. But I mean, given oil that cracks spread is nearly at highs and could be in refining capacity, the needs to gear up, there's still a pretty steep, steep downward curve on that refining that they're going to gear up and get an online and bring those prices down as long as oil stays in the, that's a big story. This is, I don't care what the stop plot says. That's all back we're looking and all that. It's my point. I made this point three, three weeks ago. If oil stays in the area, it is now there will be no hikes in 2026. I'm putting, yeah, I'm putting it out there. I may be wrong. I'm not betting my life on that prediction, but let me just tell you and if the crack spreads go down and it's expected with oil going down because the commodities have gone down. The blue of a commodity index is virtually all wiped out all the gains since that and that contains much wider, you know, I mean, it is certainly weighted to a oil, but on, and everything else. We got case shower. We got the FHAFA numbers. The case shower is a, you know, a basis pointer to a hotter than expected, but we still have and we still have rent year over year, basically flat or negative. We have home prices, basically flat or up 1%. So the whole shelter sector is still extremely low. With oil going down like that, yeah, you know, and I know there's, you know, there's pressures in other areas over there. I don't know what the Fed can do about that. I mean, you know, as far as some of those areas, but I'm going to put that out there. If oil stays around 67, the crack spreads start coming down and it's expected. I don't think warship is going to, we is going, is going to hike this year. It's also want to say, I've rarely seen such violent fluctuations between what we call value growth. Even with the end of the tech sector, between the chips, and the high-press scale. I mean, it's like a huge one versus the other value versus growth. I mean, we mentioned last week, we wanted the biggest value increases road at a growth. We had seen in two years when I was at looking at my barra and then just what we had in the last three, we days of one of the strongest rallies of growth relative to value. Now, a lot of that is what's the perception of oil, what's the perception of gasoline and all that. There is some connection over there, but I'll tell you, I've rarely, it isn't that the stock market is that valuable, but in terms of various groups, I've rarely seen such volatility and I'm not exactly sure whether that's having gone back and said, is that a market of a top or a bottom or what else, but it is certainly is there. I mean, you have a lot of speculation as we know in chips, we know that the amount of options and one day options and you know, a leveraged perpetual, etc. and so on is way up and so people are taking bets and maybe producing some of this volatility here. Thank goodness, it really isn't reflected in the overall market, seems quite stable in quite a reason we price it as it should. So, um, and that's we have some other questions. That's basically my distillation of that labor market report. We're going to, yeah, we're going to go into a lot of the rotation of the text. We've got one of our tech hours play, time is going to be joining us for some kind of crisis flying, so we don't get the normal ganati corner, but play it's going to come in for some chats. It's, it, it does seem to be the spending on like memory names or the microns, the hynics and Korea samsung, which if you talk about volatility, these stocks are moving 10, like, 10 to 15 percent now. Like last night, these memory names were down 12 percent in Korea and that sort of all interrelated on who's spending, where are they spending money on, you know, in the hyper scalars, the max seven being down here to date, but some of these other names being driving. If you had the memory names, you were up a lot, if you didn't have the memory names, you weren't, you know, so yeah, yeah, you got classified there. You know, we should probably mention meta and yeah, we're moving meta. Yeah, I mean, it's only a boost because I guess they're, what are they doing? Going into compete with Amazon or compete with who? Well, yeah, they said they would start renting out their compute capacity and yeah, they said they're something SpaceX did. It did a man. It's so high for compute capacity that even though they're, you know, the, I guess they feel that they're going to make a margin here, even though they're not a real player in this game yet, which shows you again the demand for compute capacity. It's an interesting name. It's also an interesting thing was what's at open AI said it might give 5% to the government. You know, there's a lot of feelings about that, you know, all the AI, you know, with this force, you know, the other AI firms and anthropic and maybe others maybe SpaceX to give a 5% contribution to some government fund. That's still a drop in the bucket. Obviously, but it's sort of an interesting look there. Wow, so I'll leave you because you guys are more expert on the compute end than I am, but I wanted to give you my macro view points here. That's great. One quick comment. I, you know, there's tied to the AI in job story. There was a report in the financial times this week with a very interesting chart on job growth for people who use AI dramatically and don't it's like they, there was a study. I don't know how many firms, but it was a pretty, comprehensive study and they said, you know, if there was low AI adoption, the jobs growth, like sort of 20 months after the adoption of AI was basically flat, but for the firms that were adopting AI jobs growth was 10% and it's like not destroying it. It's not supporting fair feces. I mean, the firms that are not adopting an AI are kind of like, you know, the nowhere firms, so they're going to be the losers. I'm not surprised that they don't have any demand. I mean, you got to be adopting AI. By the way, I do want to mention before I leave, it was an AI, you know, I filed torsion slok, he had in his daily sparkis. He's always really interesting, but he came up with a conclusion which I do question. He showed a picture of margins of the the Meg 7 and then the 9, I guess, Meg 7 of the S&P 500. We know the margins of Meg 7 are going way up in the hyperscalures and then he has, you know, the margins were flat on the others. And he said, this means that they're not adopting AI and that's not a, that doesn't follow. I mean, competition, you got to adopt AI because if others adopt AI, they're going to drop their price. And if you don't adopt AI, you got to adopt AI. Now, I think temporary that will increase the margins of those first users. But to say that that means they're going to, he said he implied that they're going to be disinchanid, they're not getting increasing their margins with what they're doing so far. And they're going to give it up. That's not, that's a wrong economic conclusion. It's like I need to do AI. Yes, others people are doing it. Yes, competition is forcing me the lower prices. So my margins are not expanding that much. But if, you know, I'll be dead if I don't do it. But yeah, thanks for giving me that heads up on that FTR. And then it really is interesting. Yeah, I'll send you the link later. Well, thanks for your kindness to start the show. Well, yeah, I have a happy July for its celebration to all. Thank you so much professor. I'll see you guys because she on Blacens around the tech topic as we're rolling, you focus a lot on these these deep tech stocks. Any reaction to we just heard that this start the show? Yeah, I think where you mentioned on the topic of, you know, meta-starting this, I'll say this compute offering. I mean, we'll have to see, you know, what, like to what extent that comes to a realization given, you know, we saw the other headline maybe a week or a couple days earlier around them entering into prediction markets. It seems like Zuck is kind of going in a lot of different directions. But I mean, regardless, you saw the market react. You saw the stock price move up. And you saw some of the neoclouds and other players in the space sell off. And even realistically, if you look at, I'll say, the broad semiconductor and AI infrastructure ecosystem over the last day, in more broadly sold off a bit in a bit of a rotation with the perception that if meta has excess capacity, what does that mean for the rest of this space? Is there actually excess compute and is this demand story around, around compute, AI compute capacity? Is it actually real? And I think one of the things that kind of just like delineate yours, like the, and the actual type of I'll say type of compute in the type of chips that are being offered up for usage and differentiating that between inference and training. Because if you think about it right now, the vera rubin is coming online and most of the recent, I'll say advanced, like leading edge models or trained on the previous version, which is the blackwell chips from Nvidia. So you're getting, and obviously you have the other, I'll say, Asex kind of in the picture as well. But you're looking at the leading edge models trained on, I'll say, the previous generation of chips. And now we're, you know, having the latest release, the next generation chips. And firms like meta that want to be training frontier models, want to be able to have access to those chips, which is why they're, you know, still have deals with neoclouds like Crusoe, to have access to that latest generation for training. So, so this, I would kind of think about this more. So as like a reallocation of compute capacity in the sense of the H100 and so if you go back to its regenerations for the Nvidia chips, those are ideal for inference for all kinds of use cases where your, you know, a regular consumer might be, you know, asking that AI model for response. So I wouldn't look at this as a sign that there's a, you know, capacity, there's like excess capacity. I think every other indication we could look at is giving us signs that compute demand is, you know, increasingly high and only going higher, particularly as we see more of the, the data layer improve and more of these, they'll say harnesses of all where you're starting to see the AI is be able to interact and actually do more productive work. So, so I kind of look at keep that in mind is kind of worth thinking about this. And I do think that some of these cells sell offs in the short term in this AI infrastructure ecosystem are, you know, tied to some of these types of misperception but then also to the professor's point the leverage in the ecosystem, particularly in Korea, and some of those names, you know, they've had it, you know, how many different circuit breakers and different types of trading halts throughout the year, because of the big moves in those names and the retail attention and leverage, you know, ETFs that are single stock and some of these names in Korea leads to a ton of valks. So, these are also some of the drivers when you see these big moves that seem to only last for a day or two and then you get another, you know, kind of reversal and, you know, the trend seems to continue on the infrastructure side of things. I mean, we've been calling on this podcast meta. It's, it's, it's, I think just a statement of valuations like of, meta is one of the classic value stocks now. We've been buying it in some valkalies strategies or committees, increasing weight and sort of value tilted concepts. I mean, below 19PE, few multiple points below the SNP, it's like this whole fear is not going to waste all their money. It's like the real question. Sam, we've talked about it with you, extensively, what any reaction to, uh, what you're seeing or the whole setup here? It's interesting because part of it is maybe meta has access compute, maybe it doesn't, I don't really have any unique insight into their, you know, total compute needs at this point internal external. But the ability of meta to enter that game is not as though it is, you know, something that is incredibly difficult to do, right? If you have the ability and the size of compute, you just enter the market and you sell it up. Like, it's not that tough. The barriers to entry are just a whole lot of capital. And meta has utilized a whole lot of capital. The interesting part is that if all of a sudden you begin to put some of these numbers onto 2027 earnings, for example, 2028 earnings, for example, and you don't have to be that aggressive to see that it could really boost that bottom line for meta in a way that analysts don't currently have in their numbers. That's always what you want in a stock. You want a company to announce something that nobody really saw coming that drops money to the bottom line, right? You don't really, you don't need more revenues. You want more on the bottom line. So this to me is probably one of the more interesting ways for meta to, I would say, undo its sins when it comes to AI. It's spent a lot of money. And what do we have for it? We have a lot better advertising on Facebook on Instagram. Those are very important for the business that does equal revenue, that does equal bottom line. But if all of a sudden they can show that they can monetize it internally and externally, that could be a very significant narrative shift for the name. Anything else, Sam, while we're, well, we got you, Rowan, the geopal, the oil, we like where it's trading now. But there were some big stories about Russian, Ukraine, and we talk about the next leg of AI through the physical AI and the drones and humanoid. And this was a big week for what a big near-dives of physical AI and robots and drones. But you saw some images of a flock of bird drones going into tacking Russia from that. And there's all sorts of stories with any updates on the geopal front that you think interesting. I do think it's very interesting. That that bird swarm was creepy. If you see that video, that that is something straight from a horror movie, but apparently real life in the AI generated. The ability to fly something that looks like a migration of birds and then destroy a significant amount of equipment on the ground in Russia. That's that's an advancement. That is something that all of a sudden you have to update radars for. Radars are supposed to look at birds and say, oh, that's a bird. I don't, you know, ignore it. All of a sudden you might have to be looking at birds. Like I would not want to be a goose anywhere near that conflict anytime soon. Because you're you're going to have a lot of confused radar systems now. It a lot of confused radar operators now. That is, I do think that's an advancement. And you know, the Ukrainians continue to sanction Russian oil on their own, mostly by destroying very significant portions of their refining capacity. There was a rumor this week that Russia actually imported gasoline and diesel from India. Wow. So India, we know, has a lot of refining capacity and does by Russian crew. Remember, there are waivers on that. So this is, this is not something that is currently sanctioned by the US. So that is, that is something where Russia was one of the like large, very important refining areas. If all of a sudden they're having to import from India, that is not the best signal for crack spreads moving lower in the future by much. Because that is where a lot of that incremental gas and diesel does come from. The, so like oil at 67, 67 is a great number. In my kids would be having a field day right now. They would be having a field day with it. But 67 dollars, that's, that's a pretty fair price. I would say 65 to 70 here. And you have a fairly boring, boring oil market frankly. The interesting part to me on the geopal front that you and I have been being very close attention to. The weather, not the bank of Japan will intervene, etc. It looks like the jobs market in the US intervened nicely. Sure for the bank of Japan and M.O.F. So it's all the time. You went from 62, 50 in everybody processing charts of it's never, you know, hasn't been weaker in decades decades. Now you're getting a point and a half move to the stronger side. I do think if the broad dollar is going to become a little less bullish here, you could continue to see the end trend stronger. That could be a very interesting scenario for jetting the cyclists we go for. I'm looking at one of the people who posted the chart like that on the screen, Mr. Windger, here. I was calling him out. I was going to tag into the meta stuff and then you roped me in, you roped me in. Look, okay, let's go, let's go towards Japan and it will circle back to meta. How about that? All right, guys, here's the deal. Nobody ever looks at the 50 year charts. The long term charts back when the yen was at 300 to the dollar, that type of stuff. And, you know, charts that capture really the plaza court, which occurred when I was a small child back in the mid 80s when they decided that things had got too wild in currency markets. But if you're just looking at support and resistance here and 162, okay, moved to maybe 161, the job, the job's number did kind of help that. But between 162 and the next resistance on that yen chart, there's nothing. The next resistance is like 176. And that was registered during the Carter administration. There's literally nothing to speak of in terms of classical technical analysis between 162 and 176 on the yen exchange rate. So that's something to keep in mind. The biggest you here, guys, the bank of Japan has already put up rates once. Christine Lugar to also put up rates once. I don't know how many times you can do this. Okay, how much can you do this when the first digit on your Japanese CPI is a one? One bullet five, one bullet five, Jeremy. You're still, they're so projecting that you're showing out one of our calls this week. Like another hike projected. And it's Eagle saying any part of the strength in the dollar has been this perception of the hawkish wars. And maybe some of that narrative changing today. There's a lot of people already commenting that the ECB made a mistake making a hike and being a little bit overly hawkish. But it's an interesting one because our classic story has been, hey, you don't need to like the yen to be bullish Japan hedging. You get paid today. You're paid like 2.5, 2.7 to hedge because there's still carry. We're 3.6 there. One. So you're still paid something to hedge. And so you could take this risk off the table. It's been the place to do it for the last 15 years. You know, people were betting on the yen. It's been a problem. You know, you lost you 78% a year for 15 years. So that compounds to a number of like 150 versus 500%. If you hedged or not hedged. The yen, there's a whole view. I could very strong, oh, you should never bet on these currencies just by the stocks. We actually still love the Japanese stocks. They're cheap. A lot of interesting stuff which we should talk about also tied to what we were talking about AI. I mean, they just announced talking about Korea and Korea and that's a big like trillion dollar spending program for AI. On the tapes this morning was discussions of a $2.3 trillion spending strategy in Japan. Trying to get 10 million robots in Japan using AI. There's a model called no-etra, I don't know how to pronounce that. But there's a group of soft bank, NEC, Sony, Honda that are part of this AI model. And so like, you know, Japan has had this correlation with the AI trade in many ways, soft bank he oxy, they have the memory names. You know, but still like when we look at some of our value strategies for Japan, 13, 14 times earnings. So like this is not expensive market despite really leading higher. But this question on the currency is, you know, for Jeff's 50 year chart is you got the bank of Japan and it'd be fascinating, Sam. Often what they like to do what you see them intervene. It starts moving on a number and like would you be shocked if they actually try to pile on if like right now? No, not at all. I wouldn't be shocked at all. There's and there is the old adage. You do not touch the N on a July 4th week at if you if and because if you think back to 1995 it was the opposite. It was the opposite direction. Right, the N was trading around I think it was 85 somewhere in there. It's too strong, not too weak. The intervened on a July 4th weekend and Jeff Sees equity is absolutely went on a tear and a lot of people got face ripped on that trade and so the adages now shall not touch the N in either direction for a July 4th weekend. You have jobs day falling on basically the entrance to July 4th weekend. I really would not want to be making a strong statement either way before Monday. Well, very interesting. Blake, let's come back to you for the tech corner playing the role of Chris Canadi tough shoes to fill on the behind the market's tech corner. We talked a little bit of meta, the opening I, but what are some other big stories you were watching this week? I think so you highlighted the announcement set of Japan and Korea. I think that's a very important one especially when you kind of look at the recent ball that just happens overnight in those markets in some of the key names. I mean a key thing to acknowledge is that there's obviously somewhat of a benefit still for the, I mean really a long term positive benefit for all the memory players, but more importantly to acknowledge downstream especially for the investors that don't want to stomach that wall that's tied to those pure players that actually produce it like the SK high in X is of the world. For the Samsung's of the world or even Kyoksi for that matter is those wait for fab equipment providers that are actually enabling those those buildouts. Obviously when those announcements are made there's there's money being spent at these equipment suppliers. Those are like the Tokyo electrons of the world. I mean laser tech is involved in some of these photo masks. I mean obviously your key traditional wait for fab equipment players that are in the states as well. The A-Mats, the lamb researchers as well. So I think acknowledging that in kind of understanding I'll say the dynamics of the breadth of the ecosystem and the flow of capital throughout it is when these announcements are made is important. Other key stories to kind of move away from that is probably the the open AI delayed in its IPO timeline. That was quite interesting. A lot of implications we saw Oracle soft banks sell off a bit, soft banks been trading at a relatively low value to its nav compared to history. So I found that to be quite interesting given how much that's kind of been impacted by that that open AI exposure that's embedded even with arm really rallying and performing very well with the VIR CPU that was announced really this year from from Nvidia. But the open AI delay I think is important to kind of you know just kind of take note of the different approaches that have been taken for you know anthropic having success in the enterprise and then open AI kind of lagging but just I mean I do think that you know if you would kind of I know these are private companies that are not a chart to look at in terms of their price and their valuations that would be like you know obviously from from the liquid perspective. But there's I do think that there might be an opportunity for some catch up here and I wouldn't be so bearish on some of these headlines because even with open AI kind of lagging in the enterprise and being on the better I'll say better suited for consumers is there is there was a lot of positive uptick in the codex platform just earlier this year they effectively forexed their weekly weekly average users so as I also challenged as it seems that Sam Alman you know kind of has here in his hands I think this is I think you know it could be making interesting opportunity for some of these names that are kind of beaten down that are tied to to the open AI story because it will IPO at some point the valuation will probably be you know a fanthropic beats it to it which is likely and is still leading yeah I still think that there's an interesting opportunity here because this is still one of the most foundational technologies in our time. We'll see him I guess entering the geopolitics slash tech over lap story one of the notably message to me about that's what we're talking about is apple keeps trying to buy these chips the memory names and they're trying to say hey memory prices we had to increase our prices because memory was up but we're going to maybe try to source from China and one of their leading Chinese countries like what's the CXMT what's with the name I CXMT is right but I can't pronounce the actual proper name is I was going to give you the chance but so there's this big China said like a doctor they're trying to buy some chips from maybe maybe this is one of the you know things that moves that that micron high nicks and stamps on kioxia the basket around a bit is will there be pressure there's also some rumors out there on social media that maybe there's a big development and and from somebody that's going to come announced that we're going to need a lot less memory that's sort of when you have these bottlenecks high prices and cure of prices people to solve them so that was out there swinging those memory names around but saying you think the government's going to allow apple to buy these china chips we talked about that a little bit before but no no no progress on on that story yet we haven't heard anything coming out the administration yet we haven't heard anything except a couple of congressman senators that are on the committees you say absolutely not it's not going to happen we're not going to allow it that I mean it's just it's that straightforward it's quote unquote national security risk etc etc apple just you know maybe they'll be allowed to do it for iPhones they sell in china they will not be allowed to do it for iPhones that are sold anywhere else that's it's just a full stop non-happening it's a lot like every time it you know somebody says that deep seek or one the other cheap chinese models is going to take over the world as soon as that starts to become a problem for open AI and tropical google meta etc you're just going to see that blacklisted and you know not allowed to be used on a national security basis full stop they it will they will not be allowed to be used in the US it's that straightforward and I would say that's not because anybody really cares that much about apple frankly in the administration it's because meta and alphabet have done a much much better job of call it lobbying this administration on those fronts if it was just about apple and apple had the frontier model and was profiting off of it it would be much more likely that the administration would just let the chinese model roll but not when it's not when it's meta not when it's alphabet not when it's open AI and in thropic all right sam said meta like four times which means I get to circle it back good all right guys dig this in the month of June Microsoft was down like 20% 20 for Microsoft and when you think about the market the mag seven has been that thing that has been the question mark on the health of the general market this spring and into summer and you say well yeah you've got a good point I mean the google chart lay on you down for the last five six weeks apple was kind of free in the left behind in AI then you multiple year kind of struggled there Microsoft like I just said and then you had meta which was a really nasty performer and at the risk of having four guys from the stocks stocks for long run shop talk about three or four trading sessions there is a concept in markets of shooting the generals right which is you have market leaders and when those leaders start getting shot that it could be potentially bad for the market now here you have meta getting a relief rally and if you look in recent sessions apple got a little bit of a relief rally if you look inside the mag seven as we people kind of checked out for the fourth of July some nice little action in some ugly ugly general tape here but meta's up like 8 or 9% on that news that is a sigh of relief for the market. Well it's interesting on that point you know momentum has been this strong factor there's this GS momentum index that was up like 57% like which basically all the AI names if you look at our basket of AI it's up like 60% on the year also so it's it's um you know the mag seven down a few percent to start the year in an AI up six and it's like you know the cap expanding and who's benefiting from the spending is sort of like the main theme but on a one day to start the quarter that GS momentum index was down 10% yesterday. I mean talk about rotation that was like a it's one of the all-time moves in the momentum rotation I've watched that very closely as you think about long first strategies and other things on momentum but I think it must be a long short construct to be down 10 as a single day from the GS basket but it's fascinating and what's going there I mean Microsoft I go out and call it a value stock at these multiples 20 times basically market multiple now you can say it's caught up in the SaaS apocalypse are we gonna find that don't need you know as much Microsoft stuff and you know they've been embarrassingly bad on co-pilot and all sorts of other things but me out looks search out looks search just a kind of my co-pilot search okay it's like one of the only uses I use for co-pilot is actually to search my emails and teams so you know everything else I do outside of you know that I don't really use co-pilot but search actually is not that terrible well and look look I mean you know Microsoft is when it's all sitting done I don't want to you know the little a name that might be number two in the S&B 500 but it is one company in a big sprawling economy and the reality is is that first call the first five months of the year so it called January 1st to May 31st or so it was tech and energy ruling a roost everybody else was generally participating to it was tech and energy last month tech and energy fell by the way cyber that doesn't mean that there's not a lot of stuff going up right the one of our all caps are rocking a row a small caps are rocking and rolling mid caps are rocking and rolling both growth and value doing fine in fact when you mentioned momentum when you take any one of our bar charts where you say oh this factor that factor every factor inside the S&P 500 is in the black there's nothing in the red year to date that I know of no matter how you're playing this market maybe min-vol or low-vol has been a little bit of a struggle but I'd have to look at that there's general participation you got stuff breaking out we've been pointing out health care on that valuation case health care is going vertical I think the number one name in last four five weeks been maderna just by the way he's been hot and June is as the SL itself everywhere else biotech and small caps but it was a strong one thubgian for biotech and small caps Jeremy you loaded up a biotech and small caps in the P.I. I've been well I've been talking about that in my CIO deck for a while so Chris and I've been publishing on AI being the biggest beneficiary about tech for a while now I was I had bought some early was wrong tax loss didn't too a little higher beta name so yeah up a lot in that particular concept well this has been the thing for some time which is maybe the way to play AI or to think about AI is not necessarily the creators but the users and I mean I could just think of it from our own careers at Wisdom Tree I mean think about our business model 12 24 months ago and how much everything has changed internally using AI I mean it's it's completely revolutionized our specific asset management company and it's doing it across the board it is a labor saving device and it should theoretically aid margins across industries I would imagine well I don't know if you heard I think you missed because you doubted if you say it's like I don't know if you heard my comment on the job growth at firms who use AI versus the job growth at firms who are not adopting AI and you know there is a narrative on it's going to save you labor and you're going to not hire as many entry level but actually the study from the F.T. that they put it on great chart like well David Savi I saw from David Sachs from the White House tweeting it out but like new entrance 21st after started using AI were up 12% but basically flat for everybody else and it kind of goes to the point if you get if you get a tech and makes people more productive you kind of want more those productive people and so there's this narrative of we're going to hire less people I'm not always sure you know you might want to you want to own more people and in certain places yes it might reduce some functions and you might need certain things less but if you guys get if they've actually that productivity leads to more revenue generous you're going to hire more of them and so I think that's that's that's an interesting line of attack there well this this goes back to the chart that I was posting a few months ago with the indeed job postings for scientific research and then that was overlaid on a biotech chart biotech role to the 500 that the reality is is that in some of these quote unquote disrupted panic never going to have a job again careers the low was 12 months ago and now there are increased job postings because we were saying oh crap we need somebody to work with the AI now and I think a lot of the storyline is getting disrupted I think it was Ford that hired back a bunch of engineers that's who yeah Ford had to hire back a bunch of engineers because AI can do it so I think you know yes there's there's there's AI does help but sometimes you need a guide for the AI it's it's intriguing to me particularly you know everybody was talking about you know job openings falling job openings falling in you know jolts is an interesting call it beast it's delayed it's not all that useful for what's going on right now but it's a useful picture of what was going on and you saw job openings to hire um beat expectations not not a ton but you're you're still sitting at a reasonable level of job openings and frankly you know that was not supposed to be what was going on in this economy right you were supposed to have fewer jobs you're supposed to have AI eating into it and you really haven't seen those consequences yet you've seen pockets of it you've heard certain announcements I do think that maybe that narrative was slightly overblown well one topic before we get into a closing topic um you know as we can be back to the job stay what's happening this morning see you go made the call we're not going to get a rate hike from Kevin not putting his life but but no rate hike so what you have as the tier moves down dollar moving down gold has been getting supported our friend at macrocharts.com has been putting out a piece last few weeks looking for a bottom in gold I'm going to be uh using some of his charts on our blogs to look out for a piece for me next week talk about major rotation major bottom for me potentially in gold lining up of sentiment flows positioning and you get a few of these little less hawkish comments on gold putting a little step back in gold and so I think that is topic we were watching closely people I think so remain under allocated generally to things like commodities we talked about 15 trillion only like one and a half percent in commodities and I think thinking about ways to add in some gold to portfolios something we're thinking about um Jeff closing topic for you wanted you wanted to talk about uh the trumpet counts going live yeah I think that that's something that's is really cool really fascinating for if you like to nerd out on retirement plans and four or one k's and that type of thing I mean look so that we can just do set the table a little bit those trumpet counts go live first business day after after an appending stay and basically what it was was okay if you have a very young child they're going to plunk the thousand dollars into it no matter whether you're rich or poor if your kid is young I don't know how it would be like age zero to five or something like that you got to look at the dates thousand bucks then if your own zip code is under $150,000 median household income in the zip code that you reside in any one of your kids gets 250 bucks from Michael and Susan Dell so I think a lot of people say oh this is for babies and toddlers I don't want to open up a trumpet count well look into it because you might get 250 for each of your kids on that but the critical thing that I'm looking at because we don't get any of it in the Weninger household our kids are too old um and I don't know about this zip that I don't think the zip code's gonna work so we could theoretically open these accounts and you know maybe contribute zero dollars because some philanthropists comes in later tries to the Michael Dell routine to get attention like somebody I think Akman's doing it for children in Connecticut I think it was somebody like Akman I don't know who it was but here's the thing that I think is really intriguing if you think of the trumpet count as something like the love child between the traditional IRA and the five twenty nine which is kind of a feel and vibe for it they're saying you can withdraw for things like tuition and so on but it could be Jeremy the out-ear Roth conversion potentiality of it that raises your eyebrows and I don't know about you know tax planning I'm not tax advisor or anything like that but you wonder okay let's say you have a kid who was born yesterday you do the max out of five thousand per year into that kid into that kid's account and then in the out-ear when that boy or girl is now a twenty-two-year-old first job out-of-school basically no tax will income situation do the Roth conversion on it in the out-ear is Sam showing us his trumpet count no Sam did you open it I don't know you Sam just showed the phone on the screen no it was I was I was looking up the medium median income in my zip code did you qualify well we're in the city so we have a an assortment we might be in the zip code I don't know let's see the here in Chicago see if we qualify for my Michael Del Money for the to with the kids all right well that's interesting I mean this is and people who here as he said Jeff stocks for a long run there's nothing we would believe in more than funding these accounts so it's a good program to do great to see micron also announced they were going to be contributors to to that that was was fueling to speculation trying to get in the good graces of the administration trying to support the the trump accounts I think they they put a big number that would it all do it was a big number I think I I 150 mil yeah oh so it's Michael Susan Dell plus the federal government now plus micron yeah and resting oh good all positive stuff there so Washington for micron in the news and headlines there one of the key names moving the markets whips on the market as we were talking about as the professor said to start the show guys what are we doing for the fourth of July celebration Sam's got a good view from North Carolina and doing a giant cookout with about 20 of the family members hanging out of the deck hanging out of the beach will well a lot of shrimp a lot of chicken a little bit of beef beef is too darn expensive to put much on the grill so chicken shrimp some crab it'll be awesome Jeff with your holiday weekend plants I got I got Ryan from back in Boca coming into town with his family we got the cubs game nice worth the July we got we need 10 together we still haven't got the tickets is going to be a problem I've got my daughter heading to camp next week so we're going to drop her off on Monday but finally we can with her for before a few weeks and then I'm going to go test my risk management skills and Vegas next week so I'll be going in from poker tables of Las Vegas next week Blake you you're no longer celebrating fourth of July or in London yeah London luckily this one landed on a weekend so I actually do as the day off because usually it would just work through it right via the world cups going on so there's a lot of activity a lot of buzz happening in London so to probably do some of that well thanks for calling in as we have our summer party there today so have a good time with the party guys oh it's fun have a great holiday weekend everybody see all soon thanks for listening please subscribe and leave us a rating to help others find the show you can follow and get your best on Twitter I am at Jeremy D Schwartz Sam is at Samuel Rines and Jeff is at Jeff Winner Jeff Chris and I are registered representatives of four side fun services or discussion today was not tied to a fail of any investment products have a great week