Welcome to Behind the Market's podcast. I'm your host, Jeremy Schwartz, Global SIOism Shriek. Alongside, Warren Find Professor Jeremy Seagull, who is also a senior economist for wisdom trick, we tackle the latest market trends every week. I'm also joined by my deep-rooted macro colleagues, Samuirrines, Jeff Winnerger, and Chris Canadi. Let's dive into this week's show. Well, Professor, we've got a lively week. We've got the big news from the Worship Pres conference. People are trying to figure out what did he say, what did he not say. This could be the new normal of letting the market try to interpret what he's saying. To get your take on all that you heard or didn't hear from the Fed this week. Yeah, as you know, I voiced my opinion on that day. I thought it was a very poor press conference. I thought he did not explain his position, which is purely defensible. I mean, it's not to move, but did a great job of explaining him. He could have talked about the fact that we regard the oil as a temporary shock that does productivity gains that the five year or five year inflation expectations are lower. We could have, you know, just given out a lot of information about why he didn't move. He just didn't. His main thing is, and this is a defensible position. It's a question of forward guidance. Has a big thing. No forward guidance. Is that good or bad? And he says, I want the market to speak for itself. And of course, what the press said was the market seems to be speaking for an increase. So how do you justify not doing that? And he just did not do a good job in my opinion of explaining a defensible move? I mean, if I was probably in his position, I probably would be, you know, one slightly on the border of not hiking this time with all the uncertainty of oil and going up and down and all the rest, being dominant there. I'm sure those little politics there. I mean, this is his first real live meeting in the sense that, you know, his last conference, he was only a few days in. And the question is, you know, raise the first time, would be really, you know, pushing it right in Trump's face right away. But I mean, the position of doing was defensible. I just don't, don't think he did a good explanation. Now we're going to, see whether, you know, he talks, you know, in future speeches to maybe clarify that position and, you know, whether Jackson Hall is going to do that that reset. He was asked about that did not really save very reason. It's saved very much. He just said, I want the market to speak for himself, which we knew. And it is a justifiable position. I don't want to get in here about the pros and cons of forward guidance. That's a very interesting point. But I just don't think he did a good part of defending himself. Let's talk about what else is going on because, well, first of all, in the stock market, I did a little test. So, you know, Russell, growth versus Russell value. Now, growth is bouncing back, uh, so far. I mean, yesterday and so far today in, uh, in the early morning, but I just did a, the five days that ended Wednesday, was the worst performance of growth versus value in four and a half years for any five day period, which is really shows you what happened. Now, I think actually what's happening in the equity market is pretty healthy. I mean, the process is, you know, off of the, the chip stocks we talked about the frothing is being really the only real bubble component. Now, yeah, there's still questions about AI and some of that AI got dragged down, but not not not seriously, and it is bouncing back. So, if we get the froth out of that in the, in the chip market, um, um, you know, less, less bubbles and pair of bubbles and corrections is, is ultimately healthy. Will, uh, I mean, this is sort of a knee jerk. I mean, what, you know, it's, it will growth continue to fall road of the value we will see. A lot of it depends on what's going on in the economy. Let's talk about what's going on in the economy. We did get the GDP report, which is on the face for the second quarter, disappointing at one and a half percent. However, consumption was extremely strong. Um, by the way, here's a case where, um, as a Lewis Fed started that really high at the very high and got down below two when they were right, Goldman Sachs stated around two and a half. Most of it was imports, by the way, a jump in imports because consumption was, was very, very strong. So, this surprises us on the imports. For the third quarter, it's interesting. Um, Goldman Sachs is at two and a half, but uh, uh, say Lewis Fed put an end opening bit for five. We'll see whether that comes, but, uh, you know, showing the potential strength. Now, in my opinion, a lot is going to depend on oil. And, um, what, you know, you know, up and down, uh, I think, you know, oil stayed much lower than people thought. There's a lot of people say, and everyone's, you know, since everyone over estimated the price of oil during the initial hostilities and the, in the closure is freedom, or most people are afraid to take, um, long positions in oil, uh, because if there's a piece and, and all the rest, the, the bottom falls out. Um, I'm not an expert, um, but, uh, if the current conflict continues, and if you take a look at the prediction markets, straights don't open for months, um, how, how long can China hold out on its reserve, our reserve is already low. Everyone's reserve is, is low. I'm just, uh, it, it one really begins to question and that could derail, um, you know, all predictions, um, if oil moves above 100, and you know, we're getting gasoline again in the, in the 450 to $5 range, um, going up. Um, you know, we're, we're getting again these disparate results. You get meta going down, get Amazon zooming again. I, we come in it on, uh, within the tech sector, you're seeing such disparate movements and within even the AI sector of that. I mean, you know, we'd used to be almost everything move one versus the other, but the, the, the relative volatility is, is, is, is, is extremely high. Um, next week is, uh, labor, uh, the labor report that's going to be important. The ISMs, we're, we're going to look at, um, um, but, you know, I, you know, I, I think, oil, if oil goes back down to 70, even some sort of, uh, you know, arrangement by which a lot of oil goes through, I think this market can really rally upward. But if oil continues, uh, um, you know, uh, consumer sentiment, even on the conference board has deteriorate a little bit. Um, we're getting universal Michigan a little later today, but that, you know, we know is biased downward, um, but none of the West, there's, there's, there's, there's not a lot of optimism out there, but with, look, you know, if there wasn't agreement, I think optimism, um, will, uh, will come back. So I think the developments are healthy. Um, I think the rotation will continue, but not at the speed that we saw, and I think, uh, an awful lot of the future really does depend on, um, um, um, on, on, on, oil staying at a reasonable price and, and not moving up, um, dramatically. I guess, quick question on the, the worst part of it, you know, it's, it's some of the argument that the, the market's hiking for him by the long rates going up that that sort of is, is that part of the argument that they don't need to do as much because long ways have already gone up so much, and this narrative that, you know, the market's doing its job for him in some ways. Well, yeah, you know, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the job, um, but he's keeping the short and down too low, which leads to too much expansion of credit. Um, you know, you take a look at the two year and the 10 year now in terms of long-term, it, it's, it's, it's a steeper than usual, curve. And so he, it's really, uh, the, the long rate cannot do all, it, it by itself. But what, what, it's sort of implies to me as he's keeping the short rate down too much, and that's why the main surprise increasing too many people are taking out loans. And that's why that's how money supply does increase. Um, I did mention, you know, Steve Merrin came on CNBC and talked about new measure, the division, measure, or the money supply. Um, I'm reading his stuff, but the traditional measures of the money supply are increasing to rapidly. So yes, the long rate is a signal you have to go up, but it's also, you can't just rely on that long rate because you, you'd be spinning out too much money by keeping the short rate, uh, to the low. I mean, basically the short rate looks to me to be about 50 basis points low. But if oil goes down, uh, we could hold the current level. The same oil prices. What do we think? And is it, uh, we got, we got away till Sunday at five p.m. to understand what's going to happen next week? I mean, it's Sunday between five and seven Eastern Standard Time, uh, as the futures open for US markets, it tends to be when you get a bunch of headlines, uh, from a couple of sources about oil flowing through the straight-ahore moves of potential ceasefire, US and Iran, not really doing a whole lot. Um, the best time to be bearish oil is Friday after the close to Sunday at the open and then slowly rebuild your position into Tuesday and, uh, and repeat until proven otherwise. This is, this is a, this is a calendar trade, right? Uh, Sam. Yeah. It's a weekly seasonality. A weekly seasonality. Um, that can't be upended. By the way, the stock market seasonality, it said that July was supposed to be the best month of the year or one of them, uh, didn't work out that way. We are also, of course, this is the last trading day of July. And we're facing August, which has been the worst month of the year at first stock over the last 20 years. So 30, uh, you know, uh, one has realized all these seasonalities are, you know, 40% 45% 50% I mean, you know, which, um, you know, you, you can't count on people talk about it because they don't really know which really what's going to happen. I, I don't know, but an interesting seasonality there. I don't know what's, you know, we, we now have some sort of agreement with a month. I don't know what that means. Um, you know, we've, you know, we trump is announced something before. Um, but the mood is not good. If you're taking a look at the political markets when we haven't talked about about that, not good for the Republicans. Um, uh, if you take a look at the individual races, the sentiment and and the markets themselves, um, uh, are not good, which means that that, uh, you know, to try to recover this, you know, trump has to seemingly make a deal that gets that oil through and, um, uh, you know, we'll see whether he can do that or not. Well, Professor, I was great to get your takes on a very active week. We'll see you again next week. We'll talk about the employment report on our podcast. Very good. Have a great, uh, great week it. Yeah. We're going to continue out. Got Sam, uh, joining us today. We've got Blake Hyman and Michael Fridmin. They are two of our resident tech gurus, uh, thinking about what's happening in the market and there was a big week for earnings and all this, uh, this market moves, um, Mike Meowas start with you like the, in, in, in terms of the big market action, and there's the big AI trades, there's all the stories about situational awareness and where they being unwound by Citadel, buying their big book and it was that the bottom sign that that was the pressure throughout July, all this leverage, this, you know, and, and sort of record blow up and blow down where they, there is that to you with the key drivers of all of July, like how are you reacting to the big, uh, activity this week? Yeah. Thanks Jeremy. Um, so this whole month was really a lot of them terms like, um, a bit of the mix of durry sking and degrocing on the hedge funds front and we also saw what happened in Korea with the memory names. Uh, so those were really aggressive moves and most of them comes from like a, a leverage kind of position. First it was a lot of retail back there in Korea and that also impacted Sam is overall here in the US. Um, and also what you mentioned about Citroation Awareness, which is not necessarily is the eye trade is gone and if it's like a feather or not, it's more an issue of leverage and risk management. And if you want, we can obviously dive into that. But I think overall, um, you know, it doesn't change much in terms of the bigger picture on AI. I also believe I saw some data that said, and in, uh, I think was third or so that was the biggest, um, inflows in Sam is for a submission socks ever or perhaps like this month was. So it's also goes back to a point we made earlier in the year that inverses will be looking to biologally significant dips in Sam is because this are the names that currently enjoy the most, uh, the whole AI, you know, current earnings power, which is the AI infrastructure. And that's where the money is going to and also this is where it's easier to model the actual impact of AI. There's so many AI stores. It's hard to keep pace with every different news release on AI, but there's so many sources. I mean, you've got, um, you know, Sam Altman and DC, they're talking about these cyber security breakouts of cloth and open AI, but, and you've got these Chinese models and for this, put some of the question of, well, can open AI pay for all of the compute and companies like the big data centers and the people ability and like Oracle is one of the key battleground stocks. We've described as really the, the way to proxy shorting open AI in the public markets because of their huge backlog that at first was like 90% open AI. But now very interesting, there was a new story last night, open AI cutting prices on their, some of their latest models by like 80% for their new lunar model. What do you make of this sort of price competition, how it fits into the whole picture? Yeah, I might jump in your geria, but the other thing to kind of keep in mind is the good the other head, the other side of the headline there, which was Sarah Fryer, kind of talking through how that their, how open AI's revenue in July had essentially, uh, fully surpassed what they did in the entire core, most recent order. So I think there's this competing, you know, there's this side of things where the revenue growth is continuing to scale significantly, um, and they're seeing that through, you know, codex and through some of the other, um, some of the latest developments and even just enterprise adoption as well. So I think that there's a big part of it that's kind of this competing side of things is obviously, having a reduction margin and increase in competition from some of the open source models potentially, uh, but also you're seeing continued, you know, very strong revenue growth and, um, uh, in we're seeing that in a numbers, at least that are being circulated. Well, Sam, we've talked about what the, the, the one company really missing this quarter was meta, and sort of, uh, it's, it's, it's one of the sort of cheaper stocks of the mag seven. It's in the, like, I think after the, the self, it might be 16 times forward or anything. So it's like, you know, at the FSS MPs at 21 times or anything, it's really become a classic value stock and they're getting treated and punished like they got no growth. But they didn't raise their cat backs, but they so what didn't like what they heard on the earnings call. Now we've often said this is kind of an example of some of the spend paying off with their advertising revenue. It can, very strong gains by like, what's the, what's the story? They can't get their call together? Uh, medical, you wouldn't know, I had some interesting chats, uh, while the meta earnings were coming out. And the first one was a gesture earnings people like, come on, like, I don't want to have to add back your legal costs in your severance costs just doing a gesture earnings number. So I don't have to do the math. Like, you make it complicated for the street. The street isn't going to like it to begin with. So let's see number one. Number two, it was the, the person who had the best day when meta and it and Sternings was Cheryl Sandberg, the COO that made a meta profitable in 2010 and then left after a streak of doing great things, she knew how to run a conference call. Nobody there apparently knows how to run a conference call in talk to the street. So I do think that there's a little bit of a lesson to be learned for meta in that there's, there's a number potential positives that they could have really harped on and they could have avoided a lot of the things that one really weren't necessary to talk so much about. And two, it was one of those quarters where just a little bit of, well, here's the legal cost here's the severance cost. Also, we're building this out. We might sell it. We have some people who have already offered it to us. Maybe give the street a little bit of info there and concentrate on the positives, let everything else kind of fall site. So it was a little bit disappointing in terms of how you run a conference call and how you actually do a press release for earnings with a company that size, it was slightly depressing. But I would say a Michael had note that he sent out to everybody on the team following the earnings call and it was very, very good. So I defer to Mike on the absolute details. But the way that they ran that conference call was depressing to say the least and after having been forced to listen to Worsh for 45 minutes, having to listen to that conference call was just, it was like a double tap. Mike, what's your take on what you heard? I talk in specifically just about a matter or just a little bit of both in terms of the, and enter the broader view. Like, metal is one example they're talking about their compute resources. You're hearing that, you know, the other big stories where Microsoft Amazon, where this reaction, we're very positive to their cloud business growth and you've got this sort of competition even SpaceX is trying to sell their compute kind of like what metal is just a looting to from Sam. Like what what's your read from from those earnings report there? So maybe we'll divide it to like two things. I think just specifically a matter, you know, the debate going to like the next quarter is quite binary. It's like either the capex cycle is building infrastructure for multi-year intelligence modernization engine and the mark is just under pressing currently and kind of goes to what Sam was saying is just that the message delivery management has been doing throughout the call and also just like, you know, the accounting side of it that makes the street to be a bit more confused because, you know, people don't want to spend too much time on the math. They want to be given like the data the way it needs to be given and then to make their own kind of estimates on top of it. So and it goes like to a lot of the companies and current earnings there was a lot of noise in the numbers and the second part of this is like, or is meta is just in and scenario in their capital of the will look they will pretty much like impair their returns permanently. That's kind of what's going into next quarter specifically for meta. But if we're talking about the biggest take with from earnings overall so far, I think is that the market has fundamentally changed the debate around AI. What it means that, you know, six months ago investors were asking whether AI demand was real and if high-priced, we're just overspending and, you know, whether this unprecedented AI capex would ultimate destroy them. I think after this earnings, you know, some of these questions on behind us, we saw Azure and Microsoft growth exerring out to 43% and next quarter were guiding to 45%. And they're talking about continuing access. They could say about the demand is an exiting supply and also that the demand is just not just by like the AI last, we've seen it's actually kind from the enterprise customer cohort, which is, you know, that's a very positive thing to do. meta, of course, like we're, you know, semensia during crecinder capex again, but they also mentioned that they're seeing a measurable improvement in their engagement and advertising. So if that is the case, then perhaps the first point I talked about meta is that yes, the market probably is under appreciating that or misprasing that. Google the week prior, which I you guys also talked about in the previous podcast is accelerating meaningfully, which is a great re-thru and then AWS is supposed to be fastest growth in years coming from the biggest base of hyperscalers. So all that is extremely positive. And just to finish this last point, I do want to mention more about Amazon here because I think their call was, was probably one of the strongest calls for this quarter and Andy Jessie did a really great job there. What's to doubt there is like his discussion around capital allocation is basically told us that, you know, almost for the last two years, investors were questioning whether hyperscales are overspending on AI rather than simply saying just to trust that, right? So you walk through like the unit economics and he was explaining that servers are beginning to generate revenue, are beginning to generate revenue and that's a really good point of there. The other good point that he made there was his local framing of AWS. He was basically reiterated AWS's long-beauted turnily as a business capable of generating several hundred billion dollars in annual revenue. Those are massive numbers. But he also said he believes they can become even twice this large. A very possibly go to one trillion dollars of revenue business. That's I mean tremendous numbers. That's kind of also putting you a better frame or that the spend was just not for nothing. And people will see a better growth going forward. It means that people investing into those companies will benefit them eventually. That's the whole debate. Is there an ROI on this spend? And it's interesting because you had such an adela from Microsoft also and people loved their quarter. They were sort of they're counted out as like the co-pilot AI being so bad and people like mocking it and versus these other AI's. But huge strong reaction also not an overly expensive stock. But basically they're trying to outline a hypothetical ROI C on these data centers that it could be high 20s to low 30% ROI C. So if you could do those investment deals and you could actually put the data center to ground and yes you're spending billions and billions to build these data centers. But if there's a 30% ROI C it comes back to getting the confidence that people will have the money to pay for that. Like it comes back to like I was just betting against open AI making good on their commitments if it's if it's going to come to fruition. But those economics seem quite attractive. They are and I think also what made this street a bit more positive here especially Microsoft is that it's no longer tied just to the AI labs, right? They're actual enterprise custom accord that was quite meaningful the squatter and going forward as well. So that gives people a bit more comfort and more reassurance that it's not just tied into like a single two three four customers. Now the second leg of customers we've also big balance sheet and you know those customers are you know they're probably quite smart as well and they understand that they need that in terms of growing their business. They want us to be spanned out for nothing and you're not getting like the second leg of those customers coming through and that just provides more assurance and more comfort for the market to be a bullish on the story. Like you know the part of this sort of fear about the spend and the return of these data centers has had played out the Korean names have been some of the most volatile names we did also get earnings from some of the Korean names high nicks and Samsung and then Japan last night Kioxia reported in Koxia they're talking about doing some buybacks I think up to five and a half percent of the shares which is not an insignificant buyback there's you know people look at the valuations and some of these names and you could buy back the whole company in three or four years if some of these earnings stay net but you know there are these might be up 20 to 30 times from where they were a year ago because of the explosion memory prices so it does come back to you know is there sustainable earnings in some of these or just how much is now peak earnings it's gonna fall back down what's your read of some of these these earnings reports yeah it's been it's been interesting because the headlines at least first especially when you had the I'll say the direct impact of some of the I'll say the the major momentum leverage wipe out going into these earnings obviously kind of led drove sentiment to a certain degree but then you also had a lot of relatively elevated expectations on the back of just like using spot prices to kind of estimate what what revenues would look like right and you could even make the same argument for GPUs the GPU spot pricing for you know renting for some of these hyperscalers or other types of neoclouds that are generating the revenues from these types of activities like the actual spot prices versus what they're actually getting in terms of their long-term contracts with their with their end-to-client so like in the memory space I mean a lot of the the calls and the word there was time to spend talking about the the long-term agreements that are put in place so they're like five-year contracts they're typically you know they're implying that they're with you know the the major buyers the hyperscalers you know continuing to expand you know those types of commitments whether it be across volume pricing putting in different pricing floor mechanisms as well as even putting in deposits upfront and that obviously kind of led to what I would say is a higher there's obviously a higher share of these long-term agreements driving those revenues which leads to essentially a little bit of a I'll say a little bit more underwhelming than say spot prices that might be a bit more volatile and maybe a bit more elevated so it's just one of these I'll say these kind of bull bear debates within the memory ecosystem is really the the traditional cyclical way of looking at some of these companies is focusing on price to book ratio whereas you know if you argue that you know some of these long-term agreements and put in place will help stabilize earnings you could start to warrant putting you know a higher multiple on there or as well as you can start to use you know your traditional P type of valuation approach which is why it's so interesting when you see some of the names trading at say like three times twenty seven earnings you're like wow this is unbelievably cheap but it really comes down to those long-term agreements and what we see for this you know kind of the how long this this bull cycle in in AI infrastructure will go and I think my view is is that it will continue we continued I'll say edges higher in in some of the capex even if it is just incremental you know incremental incrementally even just like a 2% bump with with like metaphor example but we've seen that even with Google you know the creeping by you know a couple billion here and there throughout the year each quarter and then if you kind of read through the lines from even Amazon's earnings call there was indications that you know the this uh the current situation around compute capacity not being sufficient to meet demand you know moving into twenty twenty seven so the the need to continue to invest will will likely be a trend that continues so we went into a lot of details here on some of these specifics but I don't know if somebody was abstract terms the longer term cycle and people like metaphors and analogies but like I don't know if there's a better analogy but like what ining of this cycle of AI are we in here guys like what how do you think about the the full potential of the longer term cycle here? I'll throw a number out I'll just put the I think we're probably in the fourth inning or so you know not quite halfway there yet but we're definitely at a stage where the market is maturing but at the end of the day we have to keep in mind that there's we still really haven't fully kind of reached the point where people are actually leveraging agents if you speak to most people on the street they're using the free version of a lot of the AI tools and they're not even aware of the capability that when you're paying for the you know the most advance for the enterprise version uh the capabilities that are there and then when you think about the cybersecurity side of things that's where I think this really starts to kind of unleash itself where you need constant scanning uh to prevent different types of hacks and things so I think there's still a lot of room for the serons that's probably the third or fourth inning from my perspective and and then I'll jump in and say if you include businesses leveraging AI to increase margins do better business increase productivity uh I'll agree with Blake on the buildout we're probably in somewhere around third fourth inning somewhere in there but when it comes to actually leveraging AI within businesses on a global basis I would say we're listening to the national anthem and watching the throwing out the first pitch we are very very far away from the full leveraging of AI when when you have businesses that are still trying to figure out how to use it when you haven't really seen a significant amount of commentary about it in conference calls from Milimera, Industrial, Consumer, etc. I think I think we have a long way to go on productivity and I think margins will surprise people a lot over the next 10 years maybe not on the tech side but that tech is going to flow through and we will be very surprised about just where we were in the cycle. I mean that resonates with me for my internal anecdotal you know and worst I think we're it wasn't really relatively small company 400 people were using the tools and we're using you know chat, we're using cloth, we're using some others and we're focused a little bit on getting more out of it there's been no like employee reduction if anything you know I still think you're trying to find people who can use these tools even better so I think you're trying to build around it actually so try to set up the infrastructure and I think it creates some how do you think about finding the right people to help you build these tools but it is definitely unlocking I think productivity now we gotta you have it show up to both better revenue growth and better margins over time but I agree with Sam and that's the thing that I think we're at the next time 100% is like my personal experience I think but Mike what how would you frame that? Yeah so I think you're both a correct and I will try maybe to like frame it and break into two parts where we're kind of at first we had the first phase right which was just about proving the technology actually worked and I think that phase is not necessarily done but like we're understanding it is there and obviously the infrastructure is still still keep on growing and now we're entering like the second phase which is basically proving the economics now work and I think this earnings season is really given us more and more evidence and more comfort that AI has moved from just an experiment into production you know you measure Microsoft early on so you know Microsoft now is 30 million co-pilot sets and over a hundred thousand AI fondric customers you know enterprise are deploying more AI agent at scale meta has been using AI to improve engagement and advertisement economics Oracle is being infrastructure for some of the largest AI workloads so experimenting is is over in essence and now companies are building businesses around AI internally I think the investors are beginning to appreciate that this opportunity is much bigger than just training for interior models you know training perhaps had the headlines prior to this but inference is starting to go more and more into the conversation we heard like Lisa's news comments like other big tech people making comments about the inference lag and where like this economics is starting to re-occur you know every I search every co-pilot interaction every enterprise agent is using inference so it's getting more and more embedded that's why I think and it ties into like sense point is that the winners for AI the next decade or so are not necessarily just companies with the smartest models right because the the model front is getting a bit more commoditized that's why open eyes is you know making the the cost a bit less now it would rather be companies that build more durable platforms more recurring revenue streams and attractive unit economics around their AI you know market doesn't reward just great technology forever they starting eventually reward companies that consistently monetize that great technology so I think we're basically entering that phase that commercialization phase of AI and for my investor perspective it's a very very interesting phase to be in also it sounds like the team is still sees a lot of runaway ahead on some of these trades I like Michael's comment the semi-depth are going to be bots are interesting and as we see that in some of these these flows but so much volatility this month has been fascinating to watch one company we haven't actually talked about yet but also reported last night and is viewed as well they're not spending on AI so for a while you can say it was the AI loser trade was working you know Apple had a strong July when it was getting to some highs but we we've talked about is what sort of one of the more expensive parts of the mag seven a slower growth company definitely not having the leading growth in the market and you've got now these memory costs making the iPhones and iPads more expensive and all that and their service revenue wasn't great so the the market's selling off Apple today to start it's one of the things that we took some positions in as well thinking being being underweight Apple was was it was important they how how do you guys think about what you heard from Apple and it's AI story over time like what are they going to I'll jump in before the two of them actually tell people what you know actually happen but if you're not going to be involved in the AI trade you probably should sell more products when you disappoint on you know across a lot of data points and then you disappoint on your high margin services you're going to get sold because there isn't exactly something to latch onto when it comes to AI because I mean Apple intelligence is not really that intelligent and or really all that important to anybody so I do think that it is increasingly a phone services company and a hardware company and that's going to be a problem for them if they can't figure out how to sell more stuff not to mention that the memory that's getting more expensive for the AI companies and hyper scalars that are built-in their phones and laptops and iPads making that more expensive and or then you raise prices and then you partner with a company like clarn to be able to sell those products to consumers that's telling you something that maybe you're not necessarily playing the right game with your Apple. Well I think that the people are are saying maybe they'll be one of the distribution engines for maybe at the end if the models do get commoditized their lack of spend on the models itself will end up turning to be an advantage they'll just get to use one versus having developed it we'll see who's they do you I mean think like they do have a partnership with Google in in some ways I guess we'll see what ultimately comes to be if they can make Siri a little smarter yeah Apple's an interesting one because from the on device side of things and from the privacy aspect with AI I think it's quite a quite a differentiator obviously we know they're I'll say I'll know software side of the AI we haven't seen a lot of progress or really anything to be excited about but I will say as as somebody that is like involved in the space and absolutely loves the idea of running my own local LOM I have set here and debated buying the Mac Mini for the last couple of months just determining you know at what point is the memory in the Mac Mini going to be sufficient to be running say a frontier or near frontier level model and if they're starting to secure memory and you know add so many different so many terribits to the actual Mac Mini to allow you to you know be able to actually run your local LOM at home and not necessarily need to pay the subscription fees to the labs obviously it does put pressure on the labs which is why they need to continue to push to be at the frontier and also have all of these harnesses and other advantageous tools to you know to be able to plug into all the different all the different things that you want to be using it for but having your own you know local LOM at some stage where you can have all of your secure private data I think that will be a major unlock but I guess at the end of the day you know there is an aspect or a question around the competition say from Google which might already hold a lot of your own personal information up in the cloud already so I think that there is an avenue on the on the edge side of things and the local private the local LOM for privacy concerns. Sam we talked a lot of tech today but was there any other stories this week was it was there any other earnings reports or you know around the world we had the Fed there's also a meeting overnight I guess the other one of the story we're watching is is Japan it looks like the Japan intervened to support the end we thought 160 was going to be this divided line got up to 163 164 pushing back down to 160 after the Fed meeting somebody intervened in Japan but people thought they might you know press their play and have the big Japan hike rates they didn't do that overnight but what's was that the other big story of the week? I thought it was the other big story of the week you had you had a move in JPU in in yen JPU I that was about three and a half points at one point and it was sharp and it was dramatic and it was really well-timed you had a relatively dovish fed then you had PCE come in a little disappointing on the inflation front and then all of the sudden you had a massive amount of buying of yen versus the dollar it was incredible to watch and then you're actually seeing you know some you saw it go back to you go to like 158 I think was the low and then it bounced back to 160 and now you're seeing a little bit of strength Friday morning as well but I do think that's really important because it was very well-timed then you had a B.O.J. that didn't they didn't hike but they were a pocket so it wouldn't surprise me to see the B.O.J. continue to have I would say quite a bit of hawkishness in its language going forward and potentially give 25 basis points at the next meeting if you if you continue to have a dovish fed in a hawkish B.O.J. JPU I you know could continue to strengthen and continue to surprise people and you know you do talked about Kiakcia and their earnings you also had Panasonic which is AI T and gentle it basically didn't trade for the entire session because it was up 20%. Japan has a lot of these intermediate companies that are in the supply chain of AI and they're doing very very well so the underlying strength of Japanese corporates may at some point also be a support to the end so I think that's that's something to keep an eye on. The only other thing that was really intriguing to me this week that was overshadowed by all the AI news was all of the news about the tariff refunds that didn't make a lot of headlines but it was pretty important one of the things that you know Apple actually did a pretty good job unlike meta of giving you a tariff margin and then an ex tariff margin etc you also have a lot of these smaller industrial companies player industries for example announced earnings they received 74 million in tariff refunds they have 58 million shares outstanding so very very quickly you can do that map that's more than a dollar share that's a pretty you know that's a pretty large amount of money for a company that's pretty small. I do think that there's going to be a number of these call it mid-American industrial consumer facing companies that have pretty large refunds maybe they begin to return it maybe they put them against tariffs in second half of the year who knows but we may be surprised at some of the special dividends, buybacks etc that start getting announced via those tariff refunds. Well Blake Mike, as you think about taking the AI trade for we've got through a lot of the earnings seasons a lot of the big companies now reported how are you thinking about rest of the rest of the summer months if we can get some more of all in August or you know is it now we we've passed through the wall and we're going to look to your early innings of the AI trade coming back in continuing. I think the evolve is like your angle first. Yes sure when I think I think the high hope the majority of it is gone but obviously I mean we've seen the amount of leverage in the leverage ETFs in the US as well as in Korea come down significantly but then just saw a note come across this morning with someone having a different view that there's a bit more that could still be taken out and some of the the memory names there also might be a few other firms in the situation unawareness situation where we you know might have some of these margin calls wiping them out still so the next few days will be very important to watch to kind of see how the AI ecosystem reacts because even just yesterday we saw in the names that the situation awareness hedge fund had had owned like the sand discs of the world the core we've the irons of the world are up over 20%. So I do think this massive momentum and leverage on wine that has taken place really over the last month or so from the peaks in late June is something that you know we're hoping for a reversal there could still be a bit of a drawdown but if we start to see things shift to be more stable I do think that the long-term trend is still up into the right here. Yeah I would say Jeremy that a theme fall is still here to stay even in some earnings we see really strong beaten arrays and still like companies will get sold off the day after the market's having a bit of tough time to price things correctly right now and they would rather just sell so for me being unhaged or just not hedging right before those experiences could be quite detrimental for the books so you know going to the sprains without the risk in a little bit would be challenging and obviously if you have the leverage in the game it's even more challenging so I think you know we need to be ready for having still those kind of events as Blake mentioned there's rumors there's more firms with the situation all awareness kind of situation they had with leverage and you know we're not going too much into the details what happened there I think there's a real lesson here to learn and and I think it's not necessarily the lesson of like ESAI thesis is right or wrong because that will learn like eventually after several years it's not like South I we can already say now but I think it's just a lesson about like you know failure of financing and risk management and perhaps the best person to talk about is Howard Marx for mock tree he's done excessive talks throughout the years in terms of leverage and risk managing and I think a few years ago in his podcast he was saying he said like a phrase I kind of liked he was talking about that you have to be prepared for things to go against you and you have to survive with the bad days and that's that's the lesson here that you know excessive leverage can prevent you from finding out if you're right and ultimately this kind of scenario we had perhaps what we might still have with other firms is is that is it in terms of risk management because a great investment thesis can survive volatility but access leverage often cannot survive it and I think that's the lesson here that we just got to be ready for this kind of heavy volatility events and it's better to be a bit prepared for them and you know to be able to manage your book in terms of risk. Well that sounds like a great closing thought I mean it's great to get on a big week of these sort of key stories it was great to have like Mike Sam joining us to share their views on what's happening. This sounds like we'll have a more interesting markets in August and we'll hold you to it Mike the semi-depth eventually to be bought depending on this wall shake out so we'll be watching that closely. Guys Sam and I are on our way to Maine so we'll maybe do some live reporting Sam from from the waters in Maine and we'll get the professors talked to kick us off next week while Sam and I are joining some fish on the lake. Thanks for listening please subscribe and leave us a rating to help others find the show. You can follow and get your best on Twitter. I am at Jeremy D Schwartz Sam is at Samuel Rines and Jeff is at Jeff Winner. Jeff Chris and I are registered representatives of four side fun services or discussion today was not tied to a real sale of any investment products. Have a great week.