Welcome to Behind the Market's podcast. I'm your host, Jeremy Schwartz, Global SIOism Shriek. Alongside, Warren Find Professor Jeremy Seagull, who is also a senior economist for wisdom trick, we tackle the latest market trends every week. I'm also joined by my deep-rooted macro colleagues, Samuirrines, Jeff Winnerger, and Chris Canadi. Let's dive into this week's show. We don't have Jeremy today. Jeremy, I know that. He emailed me. He's up in Maine, but I was at the boot camp. Camp Kotaka, a limited access to internet and all that could stuff. Samuirrines Samuirrines. Good fishing and avoiding mosquitoes and ticks, but that other than that. What we'll do, Professor, will dive in first Friday of the month. The first Friday of the month, types of things, August. We take it from there. Let's talk about what happened 15 minutes ago. What we're going to do? I couldn't, you could call it shocking. Lead low payroll increase. Let me just say, we did have a big drop in yields. I'm in the 10 year, the two year draft four or five bases points right away. I mean, we could read just later on, but it was not okay. So, not only did you go away, you know, negative way below Kent census, but the revision was big negative. Plus, yeah, this was a triple header because you had the wages way below. I mean, one tenth, Haniro and also dropping three tenths on a year over year bases. So, like no wage inflation, whatsoever. And obviously, bets of Fed increased certainly sharply went down just on the look of these data. But, now again, I mean, I've only had 15 minutes to look at them, but let me talk a little bit about what they asked. There seems to be some special factors here. First of all, 40,000 decline in leisure. Now, I had read some reports that the world cup wasn't dropping off until next month's report, but maybe it dropped off on this month's report. We know that leisure travel in leisure has generally been a very strong sector. So, some of that is probably World Cup drop off. We also saw that the private jobs was not anywhere near as bad, and it was a 50,000 drop in state and local. Now, again, you get a lot of seasonality problems around summer about whether teachers are considered employed and not employed. And that's a pretty big drop. So, you know, a lot of this drop, not all of it, but a lot of this drop could be attributed to some special factors that doesn't mean that the job market is falling apart. Oh, it's also talk about the participation rate, which also fell below. Expectation and can, because of the aging and the population, the trend is down. Looking at the primage, I don't think they would have figured I think there was a rise in participation rate, didn't get a chance to look at all that data. Let's talk about the bottom line. We got after the immigration crackdown and that was a primary reason plus the demographics and everything like that going. The new normal increase of employment payroll employment on a monthly basis was often thought of as 20 to 40,000. Well, actually we had some big jumps earlier this year. When you do 12 months, we're at 23,000. And by the way, the 23,000, 12 months average of payroll increases is pretty much what they say, the supply is and what ratifies that statement is very correct. The fact that the unemployment rate is not increasing. In fact, decrease the 4.1%, you had to decrease in the U-stix as well as the standard one. So it isn't that, you know, oh my god, people are being left out and looking for jobs. They ain't that in happening. So I think this is a somewhat, you know, this, it over-infracessed because it's sort of a one-shot correction from some bigger numbers that we had earlier this year. Let me also say what might be good about this. If there's less hours, we're productivity mean if GDP is coming in, let's say, as expected because we're getting the numbers. This of course increases productivity. What we're saying is that we're getting a certain amount of GDP, but was less hours and we thought, let's people are working. So that's higher productivity. And I say that because we did get a productivity report for the second quarter this week and it did show a revision upward, but it was still the reported productivity of the last two three quarters has not been great. So you know, everyone we're talking about how AI enhances productivity or where is it in the data. Now, we might get a boost of productivity looking back if we average in lower hours because there's less workers with the same GDP because productivity is GDP per worker hour. So, you know, in a way that, you know, you might think not many more, you know, loss of workers is on ambiguously bad, but it actually could go into a very favorable scenario in terms of a productivity. And we might be getting some upward revisions of product. I mean, AI should bring productivity in the two plus range and possibly more. And we might really see it now with the revision, maybe on the second quarter, but maybe the third quarter that we are just now in the second month of might we might actually see it further. So I'm just saying that it's not all bad. Now, this fire is hiking, you know, we're still far away. We have CPI, PPI next month. I'm going to repeat what I said before. I think a lot depends on oil. And I mean, we've got to drop because of a potential agreement, although Iran has put restrictions on it, which we do not know whether the Trump administration is going to accept or not, so that's volatile. The good news about it, you know, I was looking a little bit on gasoline gasoline, nationally is now 404, you know, having risen from about 380 because of the, you know, we knew hostilities. However, the future at Christ right now is 295. We had a dollar, which is pretty much the retail markup. It's 395. So actually, if we stay exactly where we are now, we've got a 10 cent drop and gasoline price. If we take a look at November, that's the election of we are at 256 on the future. That's 356. Well, that's a drop of 60 or 50 cents from what we have. Now, that's a favorable, that's a favorable threat. Again, there's still many weeks to go between now and the next fed meeting, which is going to be critical. And we're going to have Jackson Hole a speech by Worsh, which I think is going to be critical was that he want to make a little correction on how we explain the criteria that the fed uses to do it, that subject to big debate. Let me also say that politically, we're only three months from the midterms and Trump is reported to have been talking to Worsh continuously with this side of an employment report with these wages not going up very much, productivity perhaps better than reported. And if we do not, and I say that this is an important point and do not get a flare up in Iran that pushes the prices off, it's going to be pretty hard for I think Worsh to generate an increase in September. Again, we've got 56 weeks of lots of stuff can happen, particularly the to war. I mean, if we've got a flare up of the war, and oil goes to 100 everything, then that price is going up again, and there's always bleeding to the core and and there's like no end inside about how much oil is going to be higher. So that is still going to be a very important issue, but right now, looking at this employment report, looking at what I see on the oil market right now, I would say it would be hard put for Worsh to do an increase in September. But again, we got a lot of data to go. Professor, one of my favorite things over the years is to hear you telling us the narrative that the M2 money supply tells, and I'm just wondering what is that telling us? So yes, and I'm glad you brought that up Chris. So since the war began, M2 money supply has been increasing at around an 8% rate, nothing like the 20, 30% rate that we had after during COVID. Recent signs, and it does very are a little bit of moderation, in other words, it seemed like the money supply increased more at the beginning of the war market, or may, it has been somewhat leveling off because of its volatility on a week to week basis. I'm looking at deposits. It's hard to actually do a trend, but it seems to be going now at around a 5, 5 and a half, 6% rate again with a big standard error. I'm going to be watching it closely, but I don't see it accelerating. It's been too high since March. Most of that was in the early period. It seems to be, I'm not going to call leveling off, but going back to a rate that is more similar, pretty much. Not quite. Still above. But it is not an accelerating piece of money. That is very important. Also in the judgment of what to do about monetary policy. But again, let's take a look at CPICPI Core. We know housing is now up only about 1% 1.5% here. Over a big part of the index, finally is hit to your succob because of the legs and reporting a big chunk there. But there's still bleed and there's still pressure. Looking at these reports, two more CPI reports before the Fed meeting. Probably, I don't know, 1 to 2 before the Jackson Hole speech, but we don't even know. Kevin Wash doesn't even have to give a speech. If he doesn't want, I mean, that was tradition of Fed chair, no requirement whatsoever. We don't know how, you know, he may not change things around. The other dimension and professor is obviously we're getting the earnings reports continuing to come out. The earnings seem quite strong. Oh, God. I mean, it's unbelievable. You look at first quarter GDP at 1.5%, which was below expectations. And then you see earnings raised or I was like, I've just never seen anything like it. I mean, margins are just explode. I mean, I, you know, where is it coming from? I mean, the real growth is it's not there unless we're mismerging it. But margins are definitely going up. And you know, we're, we're producing the highest earnings for a given GDP increase. And we ever seen we're producing almost the highest earnings in a none recession bounce back period that we've ever had. And these look structural. Um, and we know we'll competition ship it away. You know, this goes back to the whole thing about AI and the spend and the competition from the Chinese and the expenditures on tokens and, you know, how that's going to work out. We did have a, you know, looking at the stock market, you know, there's, there's, you know, it's, you know, the hedge fund situation of awareness, I guess it was the, the, the, the pulled, um, ash and Brenner. That was, that's like a clearing of them. I mean, that one stat, you know, that was a big spike downward. And unless that cleared, boy, we had a bounce back and I'll tell you there was no other crisis, there was no other cascading of, of, um, you know, a, problems. I mean, of, of levered positions totally unwinding causing a crisis. That was it. And I think what happened was when that survived, when that flushed out, people said, and, and there's nothing else. Hey, you know, I mean, you hear Jeremy Diamond, there's over wherever, you're, everything like that. Well, you know, and, and, and then, and they tried, that, you know, that actually the amount, the, uh, margin relative to, um, to market value is not that high. And, um, if you were in flushed out on all those one days, if there was any borrowing that had to do, it would have happened on that day, uh, and it did not. I think that gave confidence on the market. And that's why it's, you know, not only did the tech soar, but the S&P and the Dow and everything in the new high because they said, oh my god, is that at it? I mean, I thought, you know, that could on, you know, there was a fear that something like what that, that sell off could have unwound, unawful lot more, whatever, just I could have given the market a more trouble. And when it didn't, people say, wow, okay, then this is not an, oh, this is not an over leveraged market. I know from professor, you know, I, I must say that when I hear you say things like, I've never seen this before, you know, my, my ears, are you allowed to? I always been my ears always perk up and I, and it goes back to the, the comments he made on margins. And, um, you know, do you, do you think that that, that you mentioned a little bit, but is that? Yeah, I'm which is our margin we're talking here about profit margin. There's also margin debt, which is a crit which Amy Diamond, which I'm not, we're not talking about that. Yeah, we're off of margins. They're talking about profit margins and how do they stay up and do those most continue? Yeah, know that, John, that's a, the very valid point. You know, you know, a lot of, you know, people say that the profit margin overstated because of the way of counting is done, um, and the expensing of things hasn't, you know, built up, you know, the appreciation on a big stock of technology. And why, you know, why do these hyper scalars have 40, 50, 60 percent margin? Because really they have investments, you know, they have, you know, trillion dollars of capital stocks that's not measured because it's all expensed, right? All of that taken as so as a result, they have to make margin, they have to make a profit on that. No, you know, I haven't done a study. I think that that and maybe someone has, you know, you guys can look at the often, he is, he is, I have read a little bit about that. You know, the fact that you expense our indeed, rather than capitalizing makes you look like you have incredible margins. But you've got to get a return on all that R&D, right? Um, so in a way, you know, it's not it's not a compatible margin to, it looks like, oh my gosh, 60 percent margin. It's a lot of intellectual property, which is owned by them and, and, and, and, you know, it's been expensed rather than saying, you know, I own a trillion dollars of capital stock of also intellectual property. Right. So I think that's an interesting point because what you know, really when you say, you might go back to the whole idea of, you know, I've never seen something like this before, it's more like, this is a change structurally, you know, from what might be traditionally, but you know, profit margins to what it looks like today because of the fact that. And it is in the tech area. I mean, right. Take not on tech profit margins and I've seen that. I'm not off. So it's the tech area. I think a lot of it has to do with accounting. I don't know whether some of it's, you know, a compatible way or not. I mean, you know, there's whole thing about, you know, the Chinese coming in with these too much cheaper open source, they eyes and everything like that. But nonetheless, I mean, if you take non tech margins, they're pretty stable. So that doesn't look like a blow up or, you know, something like that. And we hope that AI will improve their margins. These in the short run. I mean, obviously, in a longer run, they will be competed away. But in the short run, you know, the first firms that can really use AI to really lower their costs. And maybe we see that with hotly in many less people being hired. You know, I'm going to see whether that revs up with the productivity growth because I'm very honest, glad that really disappointed productivity growth over the last two or three quarters. I mean, and that has, you know, one would think some AI stuff has got to be coming through. And it is not in these in the data that we have so far. Well, Professor, thank you very much for your thank you. Inside, I have a, you know, we'll have some more data next week. And yeah, you know, have a, have a good week. Have a good week. Yeah, thank you. All right. So this week, everyone listening by notice, you don't have German online. You don't have a Sam online. They're actually up at Camp, Camp Kotaka. The annual trip up to Maine for a good, good chunk of a variety of people. But we do have a John Flynn joining us. And we do have Jeff Oneger. And one of the topics that as a team, we were talking a bit about this week was the commodity space. And admittedly, a lot of that talking was sort of in the Monday, Tuesday and the way markets moved these days. Monday to Friday. I mean, it could be, could be an eternity. But I know, I know, John, we were particularly talking about the commodity complex. And I wanted to kind of start the discussion there. If possible. Yeah, thanks Chris. It's a happy, happy, happy to be on here with you. And, um, you know, when I think about this broad commodities, complex conversation, I, it goes back to, you know, um, the office hours, Jeff and I did earlier this week, which really starts with the conversation around gold. I think we have, you know, probably some positive price action against a both in gold and silver. You know, it was interesting, you know, as you guys know, I like to sort of follow things like sentiment and flows. And, um, you know, the specialment it comes to looking at gold, you know, we had leading into July this really sort of an unprecedented streak of of flows out of gold. 7 straight weeks. I was a bank of America report that that came out. And it sort of posed the question as to, you know, look, the thing with the last time that it happened was was March of 2024. And, you know, looking out from that period of time, um, you know, gold had won it in this incredible run. And, in fact, I was looking at the price itself. I think it was probably about 2100. So obviously, that you know, this huge run up to 5,500. So it's not really comparable to say, you know, you're going to, you know, more than double where we were at today. But obviously, the fact that what we've been talking about here when terms of just thinking about gold is a part of a commodity complex is the fact that, um, you know, a lot of the sellers, I whoever they may be, Jeff and I talked about this the other day. If the central banks are continuing to buy, who are they buying it from? We're talking about an asset that doesn't that's fixed. So they got to be buying it from somebody. And when you look at things like ETF flows and mutual fund flows and and gold, um, you know, the individual investor, they're the one that they're sort of picking up the gold from and maybe spend that way. But the fact is that almost immediately, I'd put out a video on the Contrarian Corner series, you know, you know, Jared had wrote a blog, you know, talking about the bottom of gold. Almost immediately we were talking about that seven week span of time where gold had this, this strong stretch of, it has reversed. It reversed in a month of July, the retail investors over the past week have also turned and started buying gold. So, you know, part of the, the base case was, wasn't about, is this falling further? Is the down side, is the bottom end? And now you're starting to see flow start to come back in and what's interesting, as you guys know that when I, you know, a lot of the Contrarian Corner series that I've always talked about is looking out where, um, there's, we was called the Alpha of the Glector, where there's this interest, where there's Alpha of which is sort of sparked that. But the one thing that this study of all, all flows and performance that that I've sort of worked on for the past couple years on this, the one thing that tests stuck out to me is it was within commodities. Because, you know, when I sort of go back and look at all this data, what he looked at different types of equity categories, where it'd be small cap, it could be international. Generally speaking, you see these sort of periods of extreme outflows, they've presented good entry points for returns over the next one to three years, almost in every single equity category. But what, what, the one place that that, that doesn't hold true as commodities, believe it or not, I was looking at this before we had the call, so we're going to talk about this. But, you know, I was looking at when you have abnormal inflows, two commodities into the commodity complex, the returns are much higher over the next one to three years. And, and if you look back over the past 30 days, you start to see not just to turn in gold, but in sort of broad commodity ETFs. And historically, when I'd say, look at TZ score, standard deviation over one inflow, so I've normally high, you know, you look at one of your average returns, you know, we're going to 15 to 23 percent in commodities. Completely opposite from what you see, generally when people are sort of moving money into asset classes. So I think it's important to note that when you're talking about commodities, you know, we're talking about gold, yep, you know, it's gold's been hated, we're seeing the turn and now commodities which you've had sort of dull flows for months, that has turned as well. This has been a positive sign for the performance of commodities going forward. And it's something that's having normal within that space. I have an angle on this, fellas. I need to Google it because I can never remember the specific dates. So hopefully Gemini's got this right. May 7th, 1999. And Flynn, I think it was either me and you or someone at me and someone else earlier this week, chuckling about the announcement of the British gold sales, the infamous gold sale announcement of, I guess, May 7th, 1999. And I want you to think about where we were as a stock market on May 7th, 1999. We were on the precipice of 10 months thereafter in March of 2000 going to peak the NASDAQ. Forgotten about the 2000 level was that the SNP originally came down that spring and then re-achieved highs in August of 2000. But then engaged misery from August 2000 cleared October of October, but we know it the three of us know it, the NASDAQ market for that period of time. But at the time Gordon Brown of UK fame was marking the bottom in the gold price, the major multi decade, bottom because the peak was January of 80. And the low was around 2000, 2001 in the gold price. And that was like $250 an ounce. And right now we're we Flynn like $4400. And so if you think about when when you come down to why is this metal and portfolio, a lot of people own this stuff, that because they're bullish on gold, they have some strong you, but they figured they should put five or 10 percent in gold because it's a portfolio diversifier. And in the 2000 to 2002 crash it was and gold was all right, Robo the stocks and bonds during the COVID crash. And it was all right, wasn't the greatest thanks in Slice bread and some of these other ones, but it was all right, it was good in the 2022 bear as well. Now if you look at the tape in the last, I don't know guys, 10 or 15 days. We had Gnadi as it fair to say we had a vibe in the stock market in May and June, much of July of May. Just sideways Agnadi, you know, look, in the markets and tunnels, you had some people get it clocked with a high next rolling over and that those types of things that were happening. But in terms of broad exposures, the vibe was yeah, boring spring S&P 7500, 7400, 7500, 7400, you got down in the 73s. And then in the last, I don't know guys, weaker too. The S&P decided you're from 7370, 770, 770, 770, 770, 770 or thereabouts. Gold price decided it was going to go right there with it. Let's call that from what do you guys think, 4000 or an actually no, remember Flynn it was a little ever so slightly below 4000 there for a session or two. But about two weeks ago, I'm not looking at the stuff site, you guys might have to pull a chart on the side screen. Gold 4,000 up to 4,400. So gold is deciding to not diversify stocks here. Stocks on gold on stocks off gold off, basic, the back of the envelope. Gold is functioning as the portfolio diversifier on the fixed income side. That's really, really critical, I think, in trying to figure out, why is it in the portfolio? What are my objectives when I engage this yellow medal for 5 or 10%. I'm at the point here at least this summer. It's for the ag. It's not for the S&P. So it's interesting as people think about ways in which what a very natural conversation that those arise is people believe they have a lot of exposure to tech, a lot of exposure to AI. In whatever index they look at. And if people ask me, what's an interesting way to have something in the portfolio that's quote unquote not AI or that might serve as a reasonable case to zig when AI zags. I tend to think first and foremost about gold as something genuinely different, you know, because all the equity markets we talked about emerging markets, we've talked about US markets, various country equity markets like South Korea, even Japan. It's very, very tech heavy. You would expect it to be very, very correlated. Gold does offer that potential to at least be less correlated, possibly negatively correlated. If there are concerns that seem to come up. And the professor indicated, you know, maybe they're won't be because we had basically a hedge fund get out over at skis and we had that situation resolve. Situation awareness, the name, and by and large, we're not looking at a complete bloodbath, a complete disaster by any means. We've flush that out of the system and move forward, which tells us as the professor indicated. It tells us a certain degree of health is present in the market. And like we were saying, the earnings of the actual companies for the most part as high as they've ever been. Yeah, I think we're tracking something like 37% earnings growth in Q2 here as Q2 earnings season comes to a conclusion. It was 37 when I looked at it the other day. Meanwhile, on the gold stuff Genotti, everyone's in a while, we come on the pod. We like to pull up the copper chart. You can't build the data center without copper. Is that what we did? We get the sheet because on my second screen, because it's an audio only pod. I get to look at the copper chart and make like I've got it memorized in my head. Okay, over here on this copper chart on my screen, 666. And this thing is a series of higher highs and higher lows dating back to let's call it about the time people started to get excited about this technology. And it's kind of bottoming out here, 2023, 2024, copper didn't want to do anything. Now, bursting up to new highs, it's important because we used to, I think we still do. I do. I call it Dr. Copper. It's I didn't invent that. That's moving, we've been colonists thing for 50 years that the copper price will tell you the trend in the economy. For reasons like Woodgenotti just said, the data center built that's why this is going. It's the data center built out. And that one's going to sometimes move independently of the gold price because the gold truly is a monetary metal with something that you put in your ears or on your on your wedding ring and or you store it in a box at the bank, whereas copper truly is the data center built out. And it's really, hard to argue for a Q3, Q4, Q1 slowdown in the general economy when you have a copper chart like this, guys. It's a great point, Jeff. And I think going back is worse to sort of talking about gold and then as we then say the commodity complex, what it looks like underneath the hood, generally for an investor that sort of allocates to say a broad basket of commodities, like an N&E TF or of one because it's to your point, if you just take this in general, you look a lot of different products out there. You have the biggest exposure. You're going to be oil metals and then of which inside the metals the biggest one is Ben, obviously, you know, the precious metal is Ex-Modeur. And then Jeff, you know, sort of talked about copper more than the industrial side and if you think it over over the past few months with that weakness and gold, how that may impact, you know, a broad based commodities in investment because you had something that such a prominent piece working against you. So, you know, we're saying, you know, today it's like, hey, we think, you know, I'm looking at a report right now on my screen. It's, you know, we sort of said 4,000 on this called this shelf price on gold and it sort of held that 9,400 on now, you know, UV, you see a UBS reports, you know, has support towards 5,000 gold miners to just broke through major resistance level just over the past couple days. And, you know, again, that's been an area that's been of extreme sort of disinterest recently, but, you know, again, you know, there's now starting to see that where we had these factors that were sort of sort of wind in the face for commodities exposure, now turning sort of wind at the back. And I think that sort of that makes the case, you know, for commodities as the continued build-out for an allocation, it's just something that people hate and think they don't make money in. And usually it comes to bad timing, guys, that usually comes to bad timing. And Chris, there was, I've tried to go back in my memory as to how many years ago it was where the key concept was currency wars. Oh, yeah. I didn't know that was the whole, I was like the thing, the, the, in the, on Wall Street, there's always some phraseology. That's the thing of the day, right? Like, Mag Seven, AI build-out. Thanks, though. Yeah. Yeah, all the stuff. And there was the currency wars that we're going on. The better the neighbor concepts of yesterday year. And I almost wonder fell, is that that's going to be thematic now after that big intervention. It was a coordinated intervention by the Japanese with it hand in hand with Scott Beasant, our own treasury secretary here in the United States. Are we back? I'm posing it to you, guys. Are we back on with currency wars as being thematic? Because we just spent, sometimes talking gold. I mean, the gold prices are going to rely on which way the dollar is going to go. And it looks like theoretically the Trump administration wants to try to whether we'll succeed will find out the a weak dollar presidency. For reasons of theoretically the US industrial build-out, the manufacturing build-out, the AI data center build-out and so on. Whether or not it will work, I don't know, but maybe some freak outs over in the bond market too as per the Beasant cell of euros rather than dollars to try to support the end the other day. Jeff, what are you, what's your reaction as a, your bit of a student of history, as I'm sure people listening over the episodes have gotten. I know I have an initial reaction of oh boy, we're trying to influence exchange rates. And they're all the historical examples and I can't think of one where if the market really wanted to go a certain way that the intervention actually disweighted the market. Usually history has shown the market has tended to win if it really wants to, but what's your reaction to what they're trying to do with the end? Well, the bankish bands sometimes succeeds, sometimes fails on interventions. I mean, another notorious, and actually sometimes it's more like an estuary of finance, the BHA does it with interest rates, but there are other states that have been generally successful from time to time throughout our careers with intervention, I think about the Chinese have pulled it off through it's through time. There was an issue years ago in the Chinese. It theoretically didn't em enough for ex-reserves but turned out they did. Intervention is often times something you see in the emerging world, the impoverished world with the exception of Japan. The thing about this situation is it's been three decades since the US team dealt with Japan to intervene. But I think that people need to remember something which is the more I come into the market and do something artificial prop up a currency in this case. The more that becomes just part of the market and it loses its value. Right? I mean, it's kind of like Chris, if you came into my house and I told you a joke and it was legitimately funny joke, you legitimately laugh at it, hopefully. But if I tell you that's the same joke a month later, you might give me a courtesy laugh and then after a while you're like, Jeff, I've heard the joke, man. I've heard the joke, get your jokes together. Well, you must you must be on. It's like you must be in my house with my kids, chef, and they say, I've heard her. Hey, I've heard that joke like 10 times. Oh, I do so. I do some dad jokes to myself. We'll look, the Japanese intervened in, let's guess, March. Maybe it was April feels like it was or five months ago. There wasn't an intervention. And when Sam is on the pot, I mean, Sam's away from the pot right now. We joke about the Japanese line in the sand. Yeah, in 150, yeah, in 150, yeah, in 150, 5, 160, and now a line in the sand seemed to be 164. That's when the intervention happened, pushed that thing to 156 about a week ago, which is young strength from 164. And then it's retraced ever so slightly. I think we can pull a John as at 158 or so, something like that. But now what's the market going to do, Gnadi? The market's going to go back and try to test 164 because they know that's the pressure point, I guess. So now you have this live situation where are you losing credibility? Are you just keeping it popping around the 150s and 160s? I think that's intriguing to me, is I don't actually think the Japanese have many problems in terms of fiscal policies better than the US. Their primary deficit is better than the US. They, their issue really, it's almost it's almost kind of counterintuitive. As their issue is it's difficult to put up short rates because inflation is not out of control in that country. I mean, we're still north of three on CPI here in this country. But when I pulled it last, it was 1.7 on your early-year headline inflation for the Japanese. So what are you going to do hiking to that? You might need to to support the end, but Jeepers Creepers is not like it's running away on the inflation side. Jeff, do you know one of the things that we always talk about with Japan and being in a more export driven economy, right? Obviously declining population in terms of demographics and that's always been sort of the knock on Japan as an investment yet. You have these export driven economy where you're talking about the US and you know, we're trying to keep the dollar down for reasons we're talking about. But obviously, dropping up the end is not necessarily something that they're interested in from the sake of that just makes them less competitive with these exports, too, no? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, the extent that it appreciates from 164 upto, I say up to because the number goes down up to 158. Yeah, that does hinder anyone with the moldy national business model domiciled in Japan. But there's reasons of the bond market in here and that goes back to what I referenced a little bit earlier was there was a peculiar nature of this, which is country A has coordinated with country B to manipulate the currency of country B. Let's do this by selling the currency of country C. Wait, what? Where does how does they say country economic block of the Arizona? How was the Arizona to do with this? Well, Treasury basically said, all right, I need to prop the end so I need to sell something that makes the end will appreciate. Let's sell some of our neuro reserves in so doing and what a lot of people have come out and said in the last week and I don't know if I agree or disagree yet. I got to figure it out. I got to figure it out is why, that's, are you worried about your own long bond? There are, what's going on here? Right? Because theoretically, if you were going to sell something for the other thing, you're selling US 30s, let's just say. And then that would send long bond yields higher, which is an a major issue. Chris, I would pull up on another screen or something. I don't know if it were maybe Flynn, if you got the screen up, we were looking at it long, about it five, twenty six earlier this week. See if I can, I don't know how much it's been. I have, I have, I'm from Jeff out. You got, I got five, twenty two as of yesterday. Five, twenty two. Okay, so we were doing some yield curve stuff. Oh, people want Twitter. It's like, yes, I get it that the yield curve is 10 minus two's or 10 minus three months, but I was doing 30s minus two, damn it. We can do 30. We can do the long bond minus the two. We can do anything we want when it comes to the yield curve. It's all a long-natured yield relative to a shortage, natured yield. And what I was pointing out is, you know, the market is, the market's talking about that five, twenty two. That's in the conversation. It's freaking some people out. The S&P doesn't care. And one of the things that I had been saying was it needs to be that long bond relative to something shorter. And the reality is is that the curve inversion happened past tense. It happened. It was back in 2022. The market didn't like it. Everybody took a bath in 2022. And then we'd been off the race. Is that this spread between 30s and 2s? It's like 100 basis points right now. So the bottom market threatening the stock market is not necessarily the primary risk. But you got to tell it to Scott Basin. Because he's sitting at 520 till I don't want it to be at 532. 542. Because then you're going to not even start messing up people's mortgage possibilities. We got this frozen housing market for what five years. So it's an interesting dilemma on this intervention. Because next time around, you got to sell dollars. I would think at the check how much they have in terms of euro reserves or whatever else they may have. But I think you got to sell dollars next time. And we'll see if the bond market can digest that. It is interesting because it just seems to be such a front and center part. Think about what we talked about today. As far as we mentioned commodities, we talked, you know, talked about gold. You know, we're bringing up the yen. And just now, Jeff, I looked the dollar was July 20. I'm looking at just DX, Y at 103. It's down in 99. And just how you even coming into 2026, another consensus trade. Right. Let's let's de-dollarize our portfolio. That's you had all the flooding of assets. We've never seen before in emerging market equities. You obviously, you want to say gold. We want to say international stocks. Had this, it would seem like three, four consecutive months of record inflows. It was all about allocating to the sort of weaker dollar theme and what happened. Right. So the question becomes is that the above face and where do we go from here? Because even that's a lot of stuff that we're talking about today, that's going to have a big impact on that. And it's just a very interesting very well in the meeting. You know, I'll pull all the Fedwatch tool over here on the other screen here, so I can do my idea of what where street consensus is. You know, hike hike in a half for year and here. Let's see here. So we're at 350, 375 on Fed funds. And all right. So this is what it's saying. I pulled up the December 9th meeting. Chris, yeah, one hike is at 45% two hikes is at 26%. So let's call it about a hike and a half between now and the meeting that is three meetings from now December 9th. How do you, how do you hike? How can you? You just last week, try to see, radically make someone else's currency stronger. Yeah, I was thinking one of the key things is the fact that the interest rate differential that I know Jeremy talks about, we talk about it all the time. And you sit there and it's like the interest rate differential is already huge. If we hiked and Japan didn't get even bigger with the long bond that you talked about, like the differential across we tend to talk about it on the short side, but you think across the curb now, the differential is huge. So like how, how could you rationalize again that there's not weekend? Now the speed of the weakness, I personally think they're trying to more manage the speed, but it's not a huge problem. If it's sort of slowly depreciates, I suppose to rapidly depreciates, but you know, it's with these interest rate differentials. It's hard to argue for a weakening dollar versus strengthening again. Yeah, I mean, it's just, it's just interesting dynamics because then the question is how much can, can some of these foreign players put up policy? Because the other thing that's going on here is, well, I guess we have to get to the bottom of, well, why is inflation a problem? Is inflation a problem because we are necessarily running these economies too hard? I don't know, maybe that copper price is telling us, yeah, maybe that's it. But I mean, there's a very real situation here where we, there is a, the risk that we have this on again, off again in Hormuz. Hormuz, your favorite topic, right? Hormuz, in your, and the issue is that's in E. Kato speak. We call that an exogenous shock. It's out of the control of Genody and Flynn. I mean, we can't control that. It is exogenous. Whereas you can control, oh, okay, my inflation is running hot because I really encouraged the big banks to lend too much into some bubble, maybe it's kind of minimums at the turn of the century, something like that. And so therefore, I must hike policy. There's a big difference. This is an exogenous shock, but the issue is you just don't know how long that will roll on, because, I mean, every day, it's like, nope, nope, nope, things are calming down. Nope, nope, nope, things are re-accelerating. And so do you just kind of go into this, to, for tat, back and forth, oil, quagmire. But even that, I don't know that that's something that necessitates superhoccishness from these central banks. You know, it's interesting, I think Professor mentioned, we saw what yields have are, are, come down a bit this morning. Probably I'm assuming it was a jobs report, right? And you're mentioned in just the different sort of, you mentioned the yield curve, differentials, Jeff. And I have actually just read something this morning talking about the two-year minus Fed funds. Because it's just your point about hiking. You know, saying, if you look from the trough of a 2025, if you go back, when you look at two year minus Fed funds, which, by the way, we just went over 50 basis points. So you go throughout time and look at any time and history, it's going back to, you know, the 2000 where you've had this, this trough to peak move in the two-year minus Fed funds. Anytime you have two percent or more, you look over this, it's, say, look at the NASDAQ, you know, the average return down 25 percent over the next six months. And, you know, it's an interesting thing, because the point is that we had just crossed that, like, right, we're foreign, of course, now coming in today. But just the importance of it, it's a very thin line from where we're at today that any, any movement higher from here is even on the short term, right? Differentials that has historically been a bad sign. We're looking at things like the NASDAQ, which is, it's an interesting to be, how close we are to that across the yield curve. And I'll tell you something else here, guys. I got two data points that I jotted down in an anticipation of the pod. And my angle on this is, how can anybody argue that this economy is running really hot or running really cold? Sometimes you'd so Kate is, say, this economy's somewhere in the middle. Let's just tell you two data points, ISM. ISM services employment, 47.4, cold. ISM manufacturing employment, 52.8. Kind of hot, warm, warm. So, once cold, once warm, it is a services based economy. You don't want to see 47.4 on a on a on a services employment. But the manufacturing print on the employment side was something like the highest number in a year or two. I have to take a look at the data. It's that middle ground. And sometimes it's okay to just stay sitting on your hands when it comes to monetary policy or fiscal stimulus. John, I was as we get to the the close today. I was a testing one of our earlier in the year contouring corners from the standpoint, you and I. So, this is on the record on the wisdom true website. People can look it up. John and I collaboratively wrote about India, which has been out of love, let's say, for most US investors for a period of time. And I was pulling up the the quarter to date performance because I was starting to see some various research houses putting out positive cases on India not because the the equities are just ripping through the roof or anything just because the the situation is sort of setting up in what could be a more positive direction. And we're starting the quarter here getting getting roughly to the halfway point of the quarter. And we're looking at something three to five percent positive for India. You know, every trend's got to start somewhere. But I do know where John were talking about commodities and contouring corner there. And if the audience remembers back to, you know, how do we track ourselves? How do we think about, you know, we we had this idea, we put together the stats, it looks like it makes sense. But we also have to test ourselves. And it does it does appear. I mean, we wrote the piece probably in the April or so timeframe. So, for thinking 12 months forward, the true test is when we come back in April. And we see, you know, how to how to India do. But some some initial green suits shoots and positive signs out of India. The percent from from looks like April 1st, 39 to 43.65 since still something everybody hates. Still I'm on the list of you know, the eight places that just continues to slowly invest or capital, but at a rate that's that's not that's been slowing down. Right. And that's you know, when one of these things begin to exhaust and when does it turn because it's one thing to say, you know, just but I always say, hey, things can be an outflow. It can keep going. But you know, it's like you got to see them slow. And that's one thing for India. I mean, there's even been a couple of months where you had to, so positive in flows that have come there. And you know, I think that that's, you know, there's many different parts, but again, it's just been another place that's been hated. And you know, again, even today sitting with a category in the equities and in redemptions out, you know, 30, 60, 90 days, you know, we're talking, you know, any period of time throughout history when you, when you out, if you bought, you know, and that had happened, you're talking 19, 20% returns over the next 12 months. And so even though we know, this, that was, so that was the case in April. And I say, you could be down, but it doesn't mean there's one single entry point. But the thing is, it's, it's, it's still there. And, you know, reason I was curious to insert talking about the dollar so much is that it just seems like those types of ideas that exist where these unloved investments, it is pretty consistent that it's these, these areas that we're, I was mentioning to you, just saying Jeff, how the opposite of where the money was going in the beginning of the year, which was the de-dollarization allocation, right? That was the, the first quarter of 2026. It was the gangbuster trade that has since been just reverse course and it's, it would be, say, it's India. You could say, Europe developed international across the board. We even talked about gold. All those things have, have been just, you know, sitting down here just with with no interest, just complete in the collect. And that, you know, this, this is generally the set up for an interesting entry point, however, as we, we were saying, you know, the dollar will be a catalyst in that if nothing else. We'll still be interesting to see. Well, guys, we've, we've taken about about the hour here. So, thank, thank you for, a great discussion and thank you, thank you to the professor for, kind of kicking us off our first April 26 episode here. So, I can't believe it's already April. And I'll, I'll certainly look forward to coming back next week. You should, should have Jeremy back next week, should have sand back next week and be kicking, kicking off from there. So, see you guys soon. Samuel Rines and Jeff is at Jeff Winger. Jeff, Chris and I are registered representatives of four side fun services or discussion today was not tied to the offer sale of any investment products. Have a great week.