Welcome to a Behind the Market's podcast. I'm your host, Jeremy Schwartz, Global SIOism Street. Alongside, Warren Findfrey Pester, Jeremy Seagull, who's also a senior economist for wisdom trick, we tackle the latest market trends every week. I'm also joined by my deep-rooted macro colleagues, Samu Rines and Chris Ganabi. Let's dive into this week's show. Well, Professor, a good set of things to talk about this week. I'm sure you want to talk about best-in-sinterview talking about the bond market seems to be one of the big activities that sent a lot of the markets from gold and crypto and everything moving with rates. But it didn't have that much impact now with where rates headed back up. What are you, what do you focus on this week? Yeah, okay. The best-in-twist, not a good idea. I don't like it. Trying to control the slope of the term structure. And the worst thing then failing or appearing to fail, who's his credibility, what is ironic to me is, wars is so intent on not guiding or doing anything to disturb market signals. And then, best-in comes in and says, we're going to disturb market signals by changing relative supplies along and short. Well, do these two people talk to each other? I mean, his best-in-bin and contact with wars there used to be weekly meetings between treasury and the Fed. And you know, it seems like this one is kind of dicting together. I mean, listen, you know, the long rate is really beyond. I mean, it has to do with, it really does to do with deficits, expectations of inflation, future Fed, power, sea, real growth. There's a lot of risk premiums, a lot of factors that go in there, but best not to play there. That the market sorted itself out there. I just don't think that that was a, you know, that was a very good idea. On the crypto fund, a really nice jump. I think a couple of factors. I don't think it was so much the rates. I think it was first of all, kind of a hope that the clarity might be passed, although when you go to the prediction markets, there was, there was a jump in percentage pass, but still pessimism that will be passed in the session before the elections. But, you know, that something might, in fact, you know, get passed. There's a lot of short positions in, you know, one of the big points. So it really did jump, but I think that really best, you know, the fact that, in the question, you know, what control does a Fed have, the treasure we have, and whenever you get questions about control rates, people, you know, will jump to the alternative currencies. And I think a combination of things plus the short covers, causes big, big jump. I'm not, you know, I never predict the Bitcoin. I'm not going to say going to 90 or 100 or back to 50 or whatever. Market's basically holding a pretty well. Don't forget, we're in the second half August, which is really usually a bad time. We've got one more week of this. And the major, the major event is clearly going to be washes, um, a Jackson Hole speech. Um, he, I'm not the only one that has criticized his last news conference, a recruiter from waxed home came in and, you know, said, he said exactly what I did. You know, it's one thing about not giving, advanced signals. That's another thing about not telling you what signals you're actually watching. And, uh, I think that's what the market really does want. And I'm not sure what it's going to get. Um, you know, that he's a wild card. First time he would give that Jackson Hole or whether he wants to correct that or not. Um, or keep us guessing until the September meeting. But clearly, I think the chatter that comes out of Jackson Hole, um, is very important. By the way, yesterday I had a lunch meeting with, um, I'm here here on his head of the, a central bank of Israel on his way from Israel to Jackson Hole. And, um, we, do we talked about wars and, and, and, and the need to give criteria and on what, in fact he's watching. Um, and so let, let me give you two other things. Um, I, I gave a little bit of hope last week that money supply data was beginning to look better. Well, the last week's weekly deposit rate jumped. And so I'm not so sure. It really does look better. Also the sensitive commie price that we know oil is gone up with the, uh, economic stranglehold that Trump has announced. But, um, the, uh, the Bloomberg community index is jumping and his only, um, you know, I think less than 3% from it's all time high. So there's, there are pressures out there on the commodity front, which is very sensitive. That being said, you know, the truth of the matter is, you know, we're going to get to see a PCE defuator next month, X is me next week. Uh, it looks like a 110th overall to 10th on, um, core on month of a month. But the truth of the matter is it's going to be very hard, politically for worse to raise rates before the election. Um, he's going to do everything he can to hold them firm. And then if needed, raise them after and that depends on what goes on with oil and all sorts of other things. Um, and but the case for raising rates actually is getting stronger, not weaker, especially if combined price of continued go up in the money supply continues robust. Um, but the, even other truths of the matter is there is enough down, you know, expectations remain pretty anchored. The housing remains pretty anchored. So he could, he could, he could, he could say that and whisper in people's ears by the way, you know, to keep credibility with Trump. I, you know, we could hold it now. You know, well, let's talk about it. Is how how much damage done the economy that they don't raise in September or the next meeting versus DeSembre? Let's say not much, you know, talking about a quarter point, everything like that. I mean, it's, it's certainly not going to, you know, devastate the economy. But the truth of the matter is this close to a very close election, especially with the US Senate. Um, and Trump looking over your shoulder and just having nominated and put you in that position. I would be really surprised if we get any red eggs before the election. What, what other things you talk about a lot is like the term structure where it is and a hundred where we are today, just over 100 is like exactly that long term average that you played just like a very normal healthy Fed fund versus the 10 year. Yeah, see. It's very, it in a very close to the long term average. Of course, on 30 year, God headlines because it broke through the 10 year didn't break through the high. Came very close, but the 30 year broke through and of course, the press takes that and, you know, and it's not just in the United States. It's really around the world that 30 year broke through. And of course, it makes headlines. Um, we have to remember that the 30 year mortgages based on the 10 year not the 30 year bond. Um, I've seen some mistakes on that. Of course, mortgages rates are not going down, of course, because 10 year is up. It's up too, but still below the rain. I mean, when I talked about five, it's really the range where people are going to get really skiddish and it seems to always come down from there. We'll just, it will just just have to, we'll have to take a look. I mean, this quarter's looking at two and a half. Um, uh, uh, Atlanta is a little higher, but, uh, basically, um, most others are in the two and a half range, which, you know, certainly would not be bad. Um, has a growth rate with a low, um, uh, pay were all switched. We will not get next week, but we will get the week after. CM, do you take anything from another press release, getting your oil views? Anything interesting this week? The, uh, where the try to have this stalemate, but try to put more sanctions to stop payments with anything you're seeing there. I mean, there's really, there, we're going to get an announcement. I believe it's on Monday, the sum of the detail around how the administration is going to approach the Iran call it full court press on the economic front. So I don't, I don't really think there's a whole lot to speculate on there. And guess what, it's going to be sanction related. There's going to be threat of secondary sanctions, uh, secondary sanctions are very powerful tool, for countries that potentially are supplying or supporting, uh, the, um, IRGC. But when it comes to the oil front, we really haven't seen that many changes. Cracks, friends remain very wide. It's very profitable to crack barrel of oil still. It's, you know, who are bouncing? But I think it came down a little bit, Sam. It did come down, but it was, when oil jumped into the Iran, I'm talking about the WTI and the mid 50s. I didn't see a similar jump in the gas-winged futures. Um, so it's of course means that the cracks bed went on. I think the big thing about the secondary sanctions, and of course we've already had words from China. There, you know, is, uh, how, how is the U.S. going to crack down to make sure China doesn't get any oil or, uh, any support to Iran? That, that's, there's, I think, where the sensitive issue is. 100%. That runs on, on, on the China, on that China, uh, situation. Um, we'll talk about it later. I, I, I still believe, um, pending developments. Now, again, which is what, two and a half months away from the elections, right? Um, that right before the elections, Iran is going to start targeting, uh, the ships, uh, crossing home moves in a much more deliberate manner to try to influence, uh, the U.S. election. Oh, 100%. And, and, and, uh, you know, are we prepared, um, you know, this, this is going to be very important, but we're not there yet, but these will be things that we'll be watching, uh, you know, going, um, into the fall. Slow and steady escalation. Exactly. Professor, one thing I want to, uh, figure brain on is one thing I'm concerned about, Jackson Hole, is that we're not going to get a framework or any sort of sense of the reaction function, and there's going to be the punt to the committee and what the committees come up with as the relevant metrics and continue to kind of live in this, it called pseudo la la land of trying to guesimate the reaction function, uh, for, for, for, wash and the committee, but, any fear there, or do you think that's what? Well, um, um, um, yeah, I think it'll be a disappointment, but not devastating if he punts on those criteria in the Jackson Hole meeting, uh, then I think the real second chance is the sub-pember meeting, which as you know, also will come out with the SEP, uh, so it's a more important meeting. Um, so, uh, then I think, you know, he will be pressed. If you recall, there are, and that's it, they change it. There's no press questions. The chair gives his speech and then leaves. There's a lot of chatter and, uh, you know, we know that Steve Lee's from CNBC is there and has already contacted them many, many FOMC members. It's, there's no quiet period, so they could discuss right away what they think and so there's going to be a lot of chatter. Uh, again, I think it'd be some disappointment, but I don't think it would be devastating. I think that then the weight is until September, um, to see whether that clarification comes up. Well, we usually record these at 845, but it sounds like next week, we're going to need to record, uh, post post. Well, we don't know. I don't know what do you have a day of his talk. It might be the weekend. It always hit the weekend. In, it might be next, or it might be Friday afternoon. I'm not sure what day it is. I haven't seen the schedule come out yet. I don't think the schedule has, so we might, we might not quite have the, uh, the goods by, uh, by Friday, um, uh, which might mean that, you know, do, do, do we want to postpone to Monday morning, which I think we will have those goods? All right, we'll stay, we'll maybe we'll, teasing out a new release time. We'll see how things go on. No, okay. We, well, professor, always great to get your takes to start off the show. Thanks. Thank you very much. Have a good weekend then. We'll see you next week. Have a good, that weekend. Same on the geopaltyx front, um, and the terror front, I, you know, there's a true social job this morning. One of the things we'd be talking about on these inflation pressures has been, uh, we're going to our summer barbecues, high cattle prices, and, uh, beef prices. They were talking about, well, are we going to get some lower demand because people are spending more at the pump and other things and maybe, uh, beef prices were, we're peaking out, but but Trump talked about we need to grow the herd. And so we're going to reduce the tariff thing for importing ground beef, uh, so that we can get a 25% discount to some prices for beef. Is it something our barbecues are going to have a little bit less pressure? Uh, just as a summer season's wrapping up. Ah, I would say, no, it's, it's really not going to be that much of a break. Maybe you might see ground beef move by 25, 50 cents, something like that lower, not that much for the move. Uh, interestingly, you saw a tyson, uh, closing, uh, the slaughterhouses for cow or processing facilities, so as they call them now, uh, but close to and sold one. And the interesting part is it's not about demand. The demand is held up and demand is there for beef even at the current price rate. What you really have is one, a lack of herd and lower prices are not going to help rebuild a herd. And you know, we do have to separate chicken right chickens. You know, if you have an issue with eggs or chicken pricing because of, uh, you know, some sort of disease within the flock, that takes uh, three maybe four months to solve itself right chicken stroke. But when it comes to cattle, it's, it's a year, year and a half long process, uh, to just maintain the herd size. Never mind grow it. That growing a herd takes a very long time. Uh, it takes a lot of water, it takes a lot of land. Uh, it takes a lot of investment. So yeah, I don't know that this is the solution. The solution, uh, I would argue is, is much, much, much more complicated. We'll take a much longer time frame. Interestingly, what you've seen is you've seen the herd in the US shrink. What you haven't seen is the actual beef production shrink. Great. Beef production was actually fairly stable. And it's because we've become much more efficient at processing and growing cattle over time. If you do grow the herd, it's going to be a relief on the supply front. But again, this is, uh, this is something we're probably going to be talking about, uh, this time next year and probably in 2020 as well. Well, I've still got a few more good summer barbecue's coming. So it sounds like snow relief at the, uh, at the Delhi. Yeah, it's. It's. Uh, you know, one of the, the indicators you track very often, uh, red book sales. We had two big reports this week. Uh, stocks moving opposite directions. We know Walmart is a fascinating story because, you know, base employer, big, uh, big base. But the market didn't like its report down 10%. It's people trying to get the read of what does that mean for the consumer. But target, which we, you know, clearly the opposite end of the value spectrum. We've been calling it a nice value stock for for while it had its, it's set of issues and and managing through it. But they like that report better. Uh, any read through the consumer from red book from Target of Walmart and a, and Roth stores also had a pretty nice report, um, and, and Mark reaction from that too. What's your read? You had TJx with a somewhat disappointing quarter. You had Roth stores with a very good quarter, uh, Target with a much better quarter than anticipated Walmart with a disappointing quarter. It's, it's all over the map. I would say, and a lot of it is, remember Target was, um, was struggling significantly. It was, it was getting beaten up pretty badly. Had several years of bad merchandising. Really didn't have the leadership in place. It's been a while getting that back. And it's, uh, it's finally beginning to see the fruits of the labor, uh, beginning to come through on the top and bottom line. Also, they got a bunch of tear free funds, which is always fun to see what they're going to do with that. It ends by the way, Target's trading at a very reasonable below market multiple on a company that's turning around and doing very well at that turnaround. Walmart, meanwhile, is trading at no's bleed multiples, even after the 10% decline. No's bleed multiples and saw the, I'm to say a fairly disappointing level of saying source sales, uh, probably was very happy with the way that online hit gone online sales were doing very well for them. But, uh, generally speaking, I would say the consumers find, uh, right, the richer from Target from everything that we saw this week is the consumers just fine. But, you really don't want to have the 40 times forward multiple Walmart, uh, and barely miss on any sort of metric, right, your price to perfection, that's going to be a problem. And by the way, Redbook decelerated all the week down to 7.6% on the same store sales basis. That is still a stunningly high number. It's higher than it was for almost all of last year, coming off of an 11 more than an 11% peak in early July. So I do, I do think, you know, when you saw the retail sales report and it said, ah, the system cut, you know, the retail sales are horrible. I would say that's much more of a deceleration from very high levels in the quarter on a month of a month basis. But then it is some sort of real deceleration for companies that are going to be announcing earnings that are actually operating, right? Nobody goes, oh, woo, that's a deceleration, well, you know, within the month, you know, everybody's going to look at that year of your same store sales number. And if you're printing anywhere near what Redbook says you should be printing, they're going to be very well in the subarbitant. Very interesting. Reds Christmas brings you to the conversation. Uh, the tech world, there's been some fastening stories this week. Maybe the biggest story, but certainly one of the biggest market moving stories was we talk about like, where is AI going to show up in both productivity and an excitement, um, you know, Dario from anthropic was different. Been trying to defend sort of the progress in AI and talked about we need to go from hype and curing disease to actually having some results. And got some big news in Moderna this week. And wow, what a what a move in Moderna and but what brought excitement to the potential for these AI models to come up with new drugs and discoveries, very exciting progress on this this customized cancer scheme that the skin backs, I guess it's a melanoma cancers, but they're sort of targeting it, the tumors with some custom AI DNA, labs and very promising results. Very interesting. Yeah, no, it's um, it's it's there there are these books on the song of the cell, the gene, the Emperor of all, uh, Matt Melodies. I think I think the guy's name is uh, Sir, Sir, Thamuk Mukherjee and I think some of these books have won like the pre- the Pulitzer Prize and that the cancer story in in general. So like not even bringing AI into it, but what we've been able to do with cancer therapy so far has been remarkable. Now what you learn when you sort of go through those books is every cancer is a bit different. Sometimes it's in the blood, sometimes it's in like a very localized location. Sometimes it's spread a metastasis through the whole body. And if you can get to a point where you're able to almost the the way to think of it is almost your programming, your own immune system to recognize what's a cancer cell and what's not a cancer cell. And there's that guy, uh, I think his name is David Sinclair and he's got his own podcast. Then he's thinking of a version of this because one of the discussions that you can go down the rabbit hole on is, is there a reason why the natural life expectancy has to be between 70 and 80 years. And if there is a direct physical reason why it's as though they haven't really found it. So in theory, if you could get the body to sort of quote unquote clean out, sometimes it's cancer cells, sometimes it's all there sort of exhaust itself, not quite cancer. But if you can get the body to sort of recognize deficiency and and you see in certain pockets of people that live to be 100 or 110 years old, they naturally have this going on. But there's no reason why you can't ultimately understand the data of the body. And I personally think quantum computing as a role to play in this as well. I don't think AI by itself gives you all the answers, but AI plus quantum, it could be very a fascinating journey that we may not even realize we're fully on yet. I guess the other big tech story, I'm just so much developed on some day by day basis of what's happening in AI. It's hard to keep track of everything. But one of the other big stories was in China and you had the Unitree IPO up five times from its IPO price. And it shows the excitement around robotics, humanoid physically, as a thesis. We've been seeing the next wave of AI. You can create trades at a very broad-based AI. It's got things from the semi, is it the memory, in the optical, and the power for AI infrastructure, all these things that are sort of broad-based beneficiaries of the AI trend. But the next wave is things like drones, which, you know, you could argue where has humanoid status chatGBT moment, or we're getting closer. But I've been saying the drones with what's we saw in Russia, Ukraine, we saw in Iran having drones and people going to Ukraine for the defense with drones. I think drones have basically had their chatGBT moment and everybody's going after that in a very big way. But this Unitree shows the excitement that the physical AI story very allowed to be in for this kind of exposure. I love how the drone story is starting to diversify in the sense that the drone story got a lot of attention with Russia, Ukraine, and then with the Iran situation. And that's sort of the drone as a use case or use in defense or offense in kinetic conflict application. And I've been watching the Linus series, one of my favorite series on TV, and they're doing their take, and you see all the drones. It's sort of an interesting, if people want to see what drones on battlefields look like, it was an interesting depiction. But just this week in the team, we were sort of passing around the video, where I think it was somebody in Texas was getting a delivery. Now so far, I haven't had the option to get an actual drone delivery of any sort of in the Charlotte, North Carolina area. So either I'm just inept at my Amazon usage or whatever, but I haven't seen drones directly flying around yet. But you saw the video of this Amazon delivery. I think in the Dallas, Texas area, and it went into somebody's pool. So obviously the training data still needs to be worked out. But in the world of drones, you've had a few different things. You've had the government announcing stuff that clearly is making it seem as though they prefer the suppliers of the various parts and supply chain is within the US or as within the sort of allied space, countries like, you know, your Japan's Australia's UK countries that are clear friends of the US or within US. You want to be getting your drone parts and your drones from those areas, but preferably within the US, not from China. And then you've seen announcements where Uber is and has been focusing on drones for the uses of say Uber eats, Amazon focusing on drones for certain kinds of deliveries. But you still, in my opinion, you haven't had that moment where similar to chat GPT, like chat GPT, when people say that chat GPT moment, the moment was in two months, 100 million people are using the service. So if you could do something where in a certain unit of time, 100 million people actually have an experience of seeing a drone and seeing it do something useful just in day to day life, not in a war movie, not in a war application. But just a day to day life useful drone thing to me. That would be amazing because people could then realizing and naturally connect, oh, a drone can help the police. A drone can deliver there's the company Zipline, which was sort of featured in the Uber partnership. If you think of what they actually were doing initially, why does the company exist? Well, it's kind of hard to get around certain countries of Africa. The roads aren't that great. And like any other place, you know, sometimes you need to get an organ from one hospital to another. You need blood to go from one hospital to another. And it's life in death types situations. And these drones are helping sort of the hospital system of Africa get certain things faster. And that sort of the Zipline initial business model, eventually, of course. There's money to be made delivering food as well to people in the US. But you know, you think through all these different, very useful applications for drones beyond the military, I think that's where it starts to get exciting. Yeah, so a demo of that Zipline that was was really incredible. Sam, you mentioned you had an amardial deal by your pool. Maybe a drone delivered it over there. Yeah, it was, it was pretty interesting. See the armadillo walking around the backyard right at the pool. But it will be interesting. Since I'm in Houston, I'll log into the Amazon app and see if I get a term delivery and record it and send it to Eucharist. If it hits the hot tub, it gets bones points. It is interesting. I mean, you do get from, I'm we call it the defense tech super cycle. One thing that we say, you know, people have been ignoring international for so long because the last, you know, literally since 2009 the US has been the only game in town. We've had all the tech companies here and you know, to get people to think about international level. Why would I not just have the S&P 500 or the NASDAQ? And you know, getting this, the amount of money going into defense given what's happening around the world is going to lead to this super cycle we think in real technology. The drone is a classic case where it's starting in defense, but you're seeing it going to port over to the consumer application. So it's very interesting as they navigate. Is it applying being now one of the prime ones? You got Amazon doing their thing? We're going to see more of it. And when it comes to the international front, if you're willing to dig in and do some work, there's some really interesting stuff. Particularly when it comes to things like, you know, we were talking about unitary a couple of minutes ago, unitary is a really interesting case where there's a European and physical AI company that happened to have a pretty large stake in unitary. And now gets to write that up on a spallancy. There's a lot of really interesting things going on underneath the surface on the international front that deserve attention. And not to mention, you haven't given up returns by being in Europe or Japan or emerging markets. You've actually given up returns by not being there. They've outperform, probably speaking, the US at various points over the last couple of years. That's something that should be paid attention to. Even though the US has all the cool tech and all the mix, evidence, AI, et cetera, at least when it comes to public equity, it's been, it's actually been an international world for the last 18 or so months. Yeah, it might say I owe deck that I put on our website updated every day. One of the charts is from the bottom, really, of tech in 2022. So now we're going back almost four years and it compares like a growth index for the US, which again, last 20 years has been fire. Versus the mag seven and then European banks and you sleep all of you know, European banks outperforming the mag seven and and trouncing like a growth index from the US. It's fascinating. It is and that's in the wake of tellthrows getting pulled. Everybody was scared that European banks were going to upload without the ECB's free financing. And all of a sudden, when you pull tellthrows away from the European banks, the European banks started making a lot more money magically and it's been a pretty incredible right since then. So Sam, you know, we're talking about Europe and is that becoming a little bit better opportunity so to speak and and you know, we've been focused on Japan as like our top marketer nationally. I've been I've been focused in Japan since 2012, but so I still like Japan. Still I think recently price is still it's you know, one of the allies. It's got reasonable valuations. You got the buffet buys that for recatized some interest, but also just still a relatively under price market also. So it's for one of these interesting macro stories with their yields moving. What's the bank of Japan going to do? Maybe they're going to hike next month like 80% probability now, but is Europe? Do people need to revisit your visit really dependent on getting peace with Russia Ukraine or is there a story to position ahead of it? Like, how do you think about sort of overall macro for Europe? Oh, I think about overall macro for Europe as being kind of perfectly placed in the middle of AI, fiscal AI. What's going on with drones, et cetera. It's it's in a very interesting place in that there's fiscal stimulus happening there at a somewhat reasonable level coming out of mostly Germany. There's there's a lot of manufacturing of the intermediate parts that you need to build drones to build robots to build whatever it might be for quote unquote the new physical AI and drone economy. A lot of that is a lot of that is European Europe has a lot of those somewhat boring industrial companies that get overlooked until all the sudden they have pretty traumatic top line growth. Their margins explode and then their bottom line explode. So I do think that there is a case that Europe is being unfairly overlooked. And frankly, the returns are the returns from Europe are kind of pointing to that. I would argue it's not just the banks of banks are doing phenomenally well and have done phenomenally well, coming out particularly coming out of their debt crisis and everybody, you know, predisposing up, et cetera. But I would argue that going forward, there's some very interesting long-term tailwinds that Europe has that's very difficult to find in the rest of the world. Right? You have a significant amount of deficit spending in the US that is a phenomenal tail. Don't give me wrong. That's a great tailwind to the US economy, US equity, etc. You have some stimulus in Europe, but it's sustainable stimulus. This is not something that they have to immediately pull back and everybody is going to kind of freak out about. So this is a, I would say, a sustainable tailwind to Europe. They have to repel their defense. That's going to spiral into dual-use technologies like Chris was talking about earlier. That's the best thing comes out of defense spending and defense technology. It doesn't stay defense for very long. It works as way into consumer tech, et cetera. That's been one of the long-term tailwinds for the US economy in particular. That is likely to happen to Europe and Europe's not a small economy. As a whole, Europe is a very large block of spending power. I would call the end of the Russia Ukraine conflict. That's kind of free optionality. It's a great thing if it happens. If it doesn't happen, you still probably want to be in Europe and want to be digging into how you want to be exposed there over time. If the Russia Ukraine war ends, that's called it just a additional kicker that you don't have downside to. It's not as though Russia is going to and they Ukraine again. There's no worry about that. It's just if the war ends, you get a free kicker if the dozen end you get the current economy and the current tailwinds. Chris, one talk that we haven't talked a lot about on the show in a while because it's in the Doljum for so long, but what a move this week in crypto. Go moving rates that kicker better than you got for the White House talking about some of the progress people. Sorry to think about, well, we'll get the next version of crypto regulation. Even if not, well, the SEC and CPC start to make plans in September if we don't get the further progress. But it takes on what you see over in the crypto world this week. It is um, always interesting to think of how an administration can sort of wield its influence on a particular market. I mean, we saw it in quantum computing and the specific investments we've seen it with the shifts in stance. I mean, Paul Ackens versus his predecessor, Gary Gensler, sort of the regulation by enforcement versus just actually trying to help the industry move forward. It's always intriguing to sort of read the, at least read the people who are trying to read the T-Leaves of the different senators and can you get the 60 votes? And there was a bit of moment to my think. I think it was last year. I mean, the time seems to go so fast where you had the genius act go through and then people were talking about the Clarity Act and we have our own Ryan Lovar who actually does go down to the CPriotically and we've done office hours and sessions talking through what that process looks like and it felt like there was an amazing momentum. And then I think the government shot down if I'm not mistaken, quote unquote, shot down as it content to do and we never really heard too much until very recently again about the Clarity Act which in theory would sort of be the one-two punch. The genius act was mostly about stable coins. The Clarity Act would be mostly about what does the CFTC do, what does the SEC do, who's in charge of what and really getting a codified into a law so that even if the other party is in charge in 2028, you don't just create a series of executive orders on day one and they too. And then all of a sudden, the SEC is different and everything's different. The benefit of the law is whoever's sitting in the SEC seat, they have to uphold what's actually been passed through Congress. So it could be very exciting if you actually do get that clarification from the Clarity Act that years ago you would have thought would be just impossible. Well you had to seem like you had a lot of shorts being liquidated and sort of just the momentum feeds momentum. People just got excited again. I mean, I think year up 15, 16,000 points in Bitcoin, a pretty short amount of time, which is amazing to see see the news there. And it's filled into golden gold miners as well. I don't think that should be ignored. Oh, those are the big moves there. And we were talking about, I put out a piece on our site maybe three weeks ago at this point, talking about the bottoming and gold that it looked like a list of the trend higher than the signs of a depreciation bottom had been there. The number in the case where we were watching about positioning and sentiment and and so the technical levels and that seems to be on point. But say, you think this has momentum, your think about gold in May the models that you you look at. I do think that this does have momentum. One of the things that the professor said that I could not agree more with was who a besin did was probably not the brightest idea in this market. But it is a signal. Right. And I do think you want to take the signals very, very seriously. And I'm not saying that he's going to end up getting rates down. But what you know, particularly, you know, called the 1030 year. That's what we're with the off the runs in particular. But what you have seen is the, called the currency channel has been the place that you've seen a lot of actual movement in. But you've seen significant strengthening across some of the EM currencies. You've seen some strengthening across DM currencies. You know, a weakening dollar to me when you see weakening dollar, you want to pay attention. I like to pay attention to FX as my signal as one of my primary singles of how to position. If you're going to have a weaker dollar trend in the stronger in the strong dollar trend break, where do you want to be? You want to be in gold. And gold miners. So I would seriously consider positioning into the back half the year around gold. But you know, if you don't have a framework and you don't have a reaction function for the Fed. And you have best in playing the long end to the curve. You know, where do you want to be? You probably want to be at least neutral on the dollar. And you want to have some gold and some gold miners lying around as well. I did say this on a Monday morning on a podcast without doing as well. So you know, this is not something new and coming out the blue after best. And this is something that I do think is the second half of the year. Sure. We've been talking about it for a few weeks here on the show and in other places. Chris, any other big stories that next week we get in a video earnings is the big poster shot for the whole A. I. Story and all the different spending things you had broad comes in need to 60 billion in debt financing for more things. But what were the other big things you're focused on? It feels like you kind of alluded to it. The end for topic that the market is seeming to based on going headline to headline, seeing what's the discussed and moving the markets day by day. You've got the Elon Musk complex of companies where there's a lot of discussion about what what SpaceX doing, are they going to ultimately make turbines? How is the Starship project coming along? And you know, it's sort of funny in the sense that space is a long term game multi year and very difficult to get things done. We're really talking about rocket science. But because now it's a public company day by day, you're getting again, people trying to read the T leaves, the discussion of the possibility of the Tesla SpaceX merger, not directly from the companies, but from market prognosts, caters and asset managers, that never fully goes away. But that's sort of always there. The Nvidia, when Nvidia has been in focus in recent weeks, it's almost as though the results are taken as a given in the sense that it's going to be amazing. We already know that. And so what gets discussed much more so is the fact that Nvidia is almost like functioning like a bank and they're doing things that allow for the structuring of securities and instruments that are kind of based on GPUs as the underlying, which is kind of a fascinating historic thing. Backstopping up to, I think it was 500 billion in various projects related financing, kind of doing things with the balance sheet to effectively keep the AI infrastructure, store the AI infrastructure, build out the capacity to continue to build more and more data centers and bring more and more compute online. It seems like what's getting discussed with Nvidia is less about the systems and the ships again. It's amazing what they do, but it's almost like that's so good and they've proven they can do that. So it's almost like we don't even look at that anymore. And we completely focus now on this quote unquote, other stuff, I mean, China even made it easier for certain Chinese companies that were certain headlines about being able to actually use the Nvidia chips, which is also, I mean, you have these geopolitical things that no Sam is our main person tracking, but you know there's always that possibility of the next sheet Trump meeting and the key things under the hood are always, you got the rare earth minerals and miners, you got the access to the semi-conductors, you got the AI story, you got the upcoming elections, you got the I-brand and oil stuff, you got all these, these geopolitical chips that are on the chessboard and you're kind of wondering nothing in the room as I certainly am not. You're always wondering what are the most important things and what can policymakers actually make progress on in the relationship between China and the U.S.? Sam, one of your best calls on the year was being one of our things was negative 26 for 2020-26, which seemed to be on point for some of the China tech stocks, but it is a Blonali Baba report earnings, I mean, it trade down at first but then up on all their spend on AI, sort of really crimping their profit margins, but you know they're certainly a force, these models coming out of China are definitely things people getting, getting a lot of attention, but is that China trade over? Do we have to adjust the theme or is that we hit the target and now it's a little more interesting? Yeah, you hit the target and you never press your lock, right? It was negative 26 and 26. You just step back and say, okay, you know, now it's time to maybe cover that trick. There's a lot to be said for what China is capable of doing, particularly with the open source models. I would say that maybe it's not as interesting as the U.S. But there is this sense that what you're going to have on a global basis is very similar to what we saw with the U.S.S.R. and U.S. in terms of competition. There's going to be the China Block and there's going to be the U.S. Block and you're going to be able to use the Chinese models in the China Block and you're going to be able to use the U.S. models in the U.S. Block and the competition is going to be fiercely unfriendly and but probably with allies and etc. on that front. So I do think that you've probably seen the drawdown in China, but it's also probably time to begin to look at what is actually going to be the catalyst on the front. It probably is going to be very similar to what we see in the U.S. Europe and Japan. It's the folks that use AI incredibly well that are likely to do well. And everybody else is going to be trying to compete on token prices in the past model. That's me is a famous article. The looser scheme. I don't like to play the looser schemes. Oh, interesting. You guys have some good summer. We can plans here. My weekend plan is probably going to put a couple of things on the smoker, but not peace. Probably pork because that's cheap. Chris has got three or four articles to write. I'm sure. Now, yeah, the sub stack is continuing along. There's always the most fun thing recently there was the quantum computing companies. What happens is, and people who have heard the theme are probably intrigued in the sense that we know the machine is not fully built. The company's all report earnings. They don't literally have zero sales. So you're sort of sitting there going like, okay, the machine is not fully built, but they're selling something. And for each company, you sort of go into it and you realize, okay, this company is selling, you know, the the machines to universities and governments and that kind of thing. And this company really isn't selling much of anything and a few contracts came through. And then this company, I was looking at an inflection. Inflection has atomic clocks. Inflection has a system that it's not quite in orbit yet, but it's going to be an interesting satellite that's going to be able to use the principles of quantum physics to come up with extremely accurate measurements about what's going on on the surface of Earth. So you realize every company has this different stance of what we do in the meantime, given that, yes, the full quantum computer with fault tolerance and error correction, that does not currently exist. We can't use it for amazing discoveries and say cancer therapies and drugs and material science, at least not quite yet, but we that doesn't mean we can't use it for anything. And it also doesn't mean that quantum sensing, quantum navigation, quantum cyber security. These things also can advance as well in parallel to the developments around the machine and each of the companies sort of has their own view and that's something I've worked for. I've probably done six or seven quantum computing specific companies on the sub stack of late. Yeah, Chris is very quantum-pilled. So people want to go at rabbit hole. You can definitely follow him on sub stack, a lot of great stuff, but also it was in trick. We're talking gold and Chris sent us in the chat and just did a piece on gold miners. So it's very well rounded on the topics he can favor, but so if you're just more on gold and some some ideas there, you put it the wisdom tree blog and his sub stack for more deep dies on the technology front, great fun. It's probably a 100 pieces of CRI imagine or more important. I think it's 116 currently. Yep, it's you need a lot to keep up with Chris. But all right guys, well it was fun Friday show. We'll see how we record next week depending on the schedule for Mr. Worsh and we'll have a lot of interesting stuff to talk about in the next 10 days. Have a great great summer weekend. Get your shirt. Yep. Thanks for listening. Please subscribe and leave us a rating to help others find the show. You can follow and get your best on Twitter. I am at Jeremy D. Schwartz. Sam is at Samuel Rines. Chris and I are registered representatives of four side fun services. Our discussion today was not tied to our sake of any investment products. Have a great week.