Welcome to Behind the Market's podcast. I'm your host, Jeremy Schwartz, Global SIOism Shriek. Alongside, Warren Find Professor Jeremy Seagull, who is also a senior economist for wisdom trick, we tackle the latest market trends every week. I'm also joined by my deep-rooted macro colleagues, Samuirrines, Jeff Winnerger, and Chris Gnadi. Let's dive into this week's show. Welcome to a special edition of Behind the Market's We Have Tyson Tuttle, who's the CEO of Circuit AI, a very interesting company. We'll talk to him about his views on how AI shaping the economy, but Professor you've been waiting for this Fed meeting. We got the first to work press conference. What did you hear? What did you reflect on here? I thought it was a very good press conference. Anyone who positively references Milton Friedman and it's first presser as he did shows that he knows some monetary theory. He was very direct. He said, we're going to get it down. Now it was interesting. I was saying, well, is there any other way to do it outside of raising interest rates? Do you think you can do it through the balance sheet? I'm no one asking that question. The truth of the matter is, he set up five committees that aren't going to report to the end of the year. So there's really going to be no change in procedure for the next six months. That's fact number one. So we're going to have the dot plots in September and in December. When committees report and there's a whole question of how the dot plots will change or the SCP announcements. But that ain't for the next six months. So let's talk about what might happen on the next six months. He actually said the only point where he felt that the marker was really tight was maybe in housing and housing starts coming on the low side, although that was mostly on multi-family and it's, which is a very vital sector of that housing start data. On the outside of that, he said, I don't see restrictiveness. So it's not like he thinks we're way above normal. He's very different than Miran, of course, who was, who, you know, he replaced, who was, you know, arguing for much deeper cuts. But let me try to give you the big picture here. The thing that struck me the most of the developments this week, besides the initial craziness of space action and the cell often, you know, we'll see volatility there was a drop in oil crisis. I never expected WTI to fall and I would like Sam to maybe, you know, give his view on that. But it had a 73 handle, I think a day ago, you know, I mean, I thought that, you know, it would be in the low 90s, upper 80s for a while, but it really fell. Now, the interesting thing is that the wholesale price of gasoline on the futures market hasn't fallen nearly as much. So, you know, oil at 73, now it is a little higher right now. But oil at 73 is only 13 bucks above the 60 that was on the day before the Iran war started. And well within the range of fluctuations even before the Iran war. The wholesale price of gasoline is a full dollar above the wholesale price beforehand. So, that refinery margin is much higher relative to crude. I don't, you know, know what the near term dynamics have given all the uncertainty that oil could be so low. And I would certainly like Sam's reflection on that. But let me tell you what the economic consequences of that is. If the, let's say the oil stays that into the low 70s. And that's assumed that wholesale price of gasoline and other derivatives goes down. We're going to have a lot of very low inflation over the next six months. We are very likely to have CPI overall prints that are near zero if not perhaps negative. Now, it is true that the Fed has to look at CPI core for its, actually it's PCE cores preferred on that and that won't be negative and that won't be as anywhere near zero. And that's certainly not on a year over your basis. But, you know, it will bleed in to say the waste. I see no way that Boris will be able to raise rates in an environment where inflation is coming down and coming down hard. But would it click? Now, it's say that's impossible. I mean, what was Trump's reaction to the first news conference? Now, certainly he was in Europe trying to negotiate was he kept at the same whatever. He was like, oh, my man did a great job or this is that. It's like, yeah, and he hasn't lowered it yet, right? I thought that you have to understand the whatever of Trump's comments by the way, unless you start analyzing his, it's like, okay, way to this oil goes down. You're not going to get such favorable comments from me. Of course, he's not going to be able to remove or will remove. But I mean, he'll feel that he cannot raise rates. And baby, he shouldn't raise rates. One has to realize that the hawkish rates that were shown in the dot plot were plotted in when oil was 90 to 100. I mean, it just fell. So a lot of those, you know, where we could go or whatever. I mean, and I think one thing I like about him, he said, you know, we keep on looking at backward indicators, you know, CPIs that are using legs, this and leg that. And we need more on the ground indicators. And so, you know, he's not going to be, you know, anything that's in the past, he's going to be looking at the future. The future looks really good. Now, listen, things can blow up in the Gulf already. There's problems. I'm just saying where I saw things yesterday, if they maintain that there's no way in my opinion that I see him easily raising rates this year. Coming. No, clearly not going lower rates. I think until CPI core or PCE core goes down, and that's going to be a slower process. But I'm just telling you that I'm trying to give you a little bit of the political overlay on this particular situation. I mean, it's interesting that 10 year did move up and it came down again. I think the 30 year did move it off. I mean, people want it strong. Inflation stands. That actually brings long rates down. And he flattened the curve. It was a big flattener to say the least after the presser. So Sam, what's your commentary on that? Oh, so when it comes to oil and gasoline, I think that was what I was looking at this morning where the spreads on near term gas future, gasoline futures and call it one year out six month out. And you haven't seen the reaction that you would normally see across the curve to the price of oil. Part of that is likely that we simply don't have the capacity to ramp up on the gasoline from it's very difficult there. You also have a colon tightness in that market that nobody really expected you haven't seen a significant shift in terms of consumption on the gasoline side. So because of the capacity issue and the demand holding up, you're probably going to see it. We don't need to ramp it up, but in this capacity has been destroyed. If they're starting to buy oil at 73, why should there still be a 100 cent premium on what a was when it was 60? So there has been pretty significant hits to global. The global refining capacity, Russia has a lot of the incremental capacity globally and Ukraine has taken a lot of that offline periodically. And then this week took a very significant amount of the Moscow refining capacity offline as well. And so you think is that effect, is that effect US? I mean, why would that affect US prices because it's a global market and we're importing? Global market Europe is buying quite a bit of diesel gasoline aviation fuel from the US because they can't get it from as much from Russia anymore. So that'll support that price higher than a would otherwise be. Okay. That's one explanation. But he said, that's going to be very critical because how how gasoline prices go down or don't go down as much is going to be very, very important. But in the world, if it does go down, I saw Brian Sullivan, a CNBC may crazy predictions like it was going to be 325 and 2 weeks. He said he would bet someone I was a non there. I said, okay, Brian, how much you want to bet on that? I'll put up any money. I'll get wrong. But and certainly when we look at the futures or run, but that's a geopolitical price to price to Trump looks at, to price everyone looks at, if it can't raise rates. When that price is going down and the CPI headline is going to be 1% several months and even lower. And again, we'll see how far it falls given what happens oil and refined. But I think that's something that I think is going to be really interesting to follow. But you know, 73 was, I don't know, any expert, maybe you do that. That thought with its murky M.O.U. You know, barely in place that we would see WTI at a 73 handle. Pretty amazing. You know, outside of that, you know, jobless claims actually, you know, ticked down a little bit again. We don't see any real general weakness in the market. You know, there's a little, you know, people are going to be questioning AI. There might be some broadening going on here. Now listen, the foil goes down. That's just psychologically brings broadening because oil affects people's concepts of the business cycle, the psychology of spending and all the rest. Remember, it was at the start of the Iran war where the broadening cycle and the cycle towards a value reversed. You know, in AI, then took this stage. Now there was help by incredible earnings that the chips, you know, companies produced there. But that was like that stamped out that rotation. If oil goes down and the derivatives go down, you could just get that psychology of O.E. Maybe airfares go down, travel go down that, all that will travel go up, gas go down and that will feed more of that psychology towards a broadening of value. Plus the doubts that everyone still has about is AI. You know, a kind of competitive environment, etc. And that and we're not coming, I'm not coming on that. I think maybe Tyson will comment on that. I was very fascinated by that article in Wall Street Journal about the chip competition and the open competition and what can happen to prices there. And what does that mean? I'm pretty ignorant about that, but you might enlighten us. But yeah, so that's basically what I thought were the main takeaways from this week. Well, Tyson, given your role, we'll get into a lot of details of circuit AI in a few moments. But with your role at the Dallas Fed, joining there back in 2020 on the San Antonio board, any comments on the Fed and the long term, what we're going to talk about, AI's impact on productivity. We've said you've seen all this AI, but is it impacting the productivity stats yet? What's your macro take from your seat at the San Antonio Fed? Yeah, well, I mean, there's a few factors in terms of AI. Actually, it's the Dallas Fed. I'm on the board. Yeah, that Dallas Fed. Been there for seven years. And we do see inflation pretty hot and labor markets are pretty strong. So we've got a couple of data points on energy, which is pretty broad impact into a lot of the inflationary factors, not just in transportation, but, you know, seats into everything. And I think it's going to take a little while for this warm-oze situation to really normalize. And we'll see if that's 70 handle holds. But, you know, we've done quite a bit of damage. What was it in 4.2 last number on inflation? So, you know, I might send a disagree. I think that the bias, there's, you know, listening to some of the comments and certainly the dot plot, I think that we'll probably end for a, for a tick-up, which was a little surprising given, you know, given the stance of, you know, Trump and, and, uh, wars coming in of, you know, wanting to, wanting to pull down the rates. But, uh, it seems like actually in the past wars has been quite a hot on inflation and monetary policy. Yeah, well, they gave a signal in the last meeting when we had three descent on language. I mean, I was not surprised that the dot plot. And, uh, again, the dot plot, again, a representative, well, you know, is a well going to come down from 90 or 100. There's war going to stop or not. Now, again, I'm saying, you know, listen, if it goes back up at 90, then, yeah, that's going up. But, go, if it stays in low 70s and, and we do get relief, again, this is a question of the refining on why has a wholesale gone down with it. Because wholesale went up with oil, almost one to one. Why isn't coming down now? One to one. But, you know, if that starts coming down, we're going to just have low ticks and politically, but with low ticks, you're not going to raise. I mean, so if you, you asked real quick about, um, you know, AI and there's a couple things that one is, you know, the impact on productivity. First of all, we've got, uh, you know, the build out of the physical economy. So you've got, um, you've got reassuring of manufacturing to the US, and then you've got a massive AI infrastructure build on it. It's, you know, on the order of a trillion for a year, once you count, you know, all the AI data centers and hyper scalars coming in, um, you've got all the semiconductor fabs. You've got, I mean, you, I don't know if you want to throw in the training of all the models that is really, you know, building the soft infrastructure there, and then all of the energy. I mean, certainly here in Texas, we see massive deployments of, uh, of data centers, you know, approvals with utilities. I mean, the constraints are, uh, not really on the energy side. We've got a lot of national gas. It's, it's in all the equipment to build all this stuff, and then fundamentally the people. So, uh, you know, everyone talks about, um, you know, the, all the impact of AI on the workforce. There's a lot of fear. You know, we saw in the commencement addresses, uh, you know, uh, tech leaders being booed because, uh, you know, people are afraid of, of AI take a job. And absolutely AI is going to change the nature of work in the future. But if you look in the physical economy, we don't have enough people to, uh, you've got 25% of the workforce over 55. You've got, um, you've got a skills mismatch between a lot of these fairly technical jobs. And, you know, I helped throw plumbing and all the expressions into that. Uh, but, you know, that the technical ability to deal with the, all this highly technical information and then doing installs and service and, you know, deploying that out into the economy. You have a skills mismatch. It McKinsey study shows it, uh, over the next five years, we're going to have we're going to be 4 million, uh, do workers in the manufacturing industrial space. And, uh, we're probably going to be 50% short. So a couple million short. The other thing that's really interesting, um, that I've been studying a lot is that that labor, uh, shortage is also geographical in nature. So you've got the physical economy being built out in places like Corpus Christi and Abelie, you know, the star gate, uh, you know, massive data center there are Aquano High or, you know, lots of different places where data centers and facilities are being built. Um, yet the talent, so there's a mismatch in geography. The talent is in Austin and Boston and Silicon Valley and all the major Metros. And, uh, and so that exacerbates the problem. And so I, from a circuit perspective, we're trying to address this labor shortage, um, by helping to enable the workforce to expand the workforce a bit to make all this highly technical information and a lot of the manual work, uh, easier to, to, to, to, basically when I, when I said I was going to, you know, jump back into AI, studied AI in college in the 80s, and I'm master's thesis in 92 was a neural net accelerator and, uh, you know, spent 30 years in the semiconductor industry. And, um, you know, here we are, we've, we're building out the infrastructure to, uh, to deploy this stuff, but the big, the big opportunity is to deploy AI into the economy. And, and that's diverse. There's, you know, lots of sectors, lots of applications, you know, hundreds of thousands of companies that have to deploy this technology and it's going to be uneven. It's going to, uh, you know, you look at the area that is the most, uh, disrupted right now. And that's software engineering. And, uh, you know, our software engineers are now not writing code anymore. It's like the AI can write the code better than the people. And so there are, AI lets you abstract to a higher, higher level. I spent 40, I've spent 40 years and more as a lot. And more as a lot doubles the number of trends as choose you can get every two years. It's like, well, we also, uh, testing we at Wism Tree also do not believe in the AI labor, uh, a cop, a Paco-Lip. So, you know, here's, yeah, the first thing I learned when I joined the fed was the, the GDP, which is the thing that we're trying to grow is the number of people working times the productivity per person. And I think that AI impacts that productivity per person. But you're, you have a certain number of people. The question is, and, and so people are going to get more productive. Now, that doesn't mean that an attorney who maybe loses their job is going to go find a job that is, you know, going to pay them what is much. But that attorney that uses AI is going to be far more productive. You know, if you're, this is, there was an interesting I Wall Street Journal chart that spoke to me, I'd given my generation in 1979, visit Calc, came out, first spreadsheet. And then 1983, it was Lotus 1, 2, 3, and then 1985, our favorite, um, um, Microsoft Excel. The number of, of accounts and, you know, people that wrote numbers in boxes went down. They're like peaked in 1985 and went down. The number of financial analysts went up in the total number of jobs increased. They basically let people, you know, the, the, the advent of this spreadsheet allowed us to abstract from a lot of the details and become more productive. And that's exactly what that's been every, you know, I've lived through computing, you know, that was an example of computing or the internet or the cloud or mobile devices or social media, you know, the look at Amazon and meta and all the largest companies today. They, they delivered a lot of productivity advances into the economy. They also drove a lot of disruption in the labor markets. Um, but that also frees up people to go and do other things. I mean, it gets into like, what are we teaching our kids and, and, uh, you know, you know, we probably need more trades. And, you know, maybe we set too many kids to, sorry, I know I'm on a podcast with a bunch of finance folks. So I should probably not pick on y'all. You know, maybe we, we're turning to few too many finance people. I'd be trying to few too many large. And, um, and so that takes time to, to normalize out, but ultimately people go and find productive work because they have to and the productivity keeps advancing. And I, I think that AI, I've just given the capability, this new computing capability, the can understand information, uh, in ways that traditional computing couldn't, it's, it's, it's a, it's a, just a huge change in the way you can deploy software. I mean, AI is software. It's just a new highly capable software. And we're going to apply it into all sorts of things. We're applying it into manufacturing the industrial. I mean, in the computer programming space, it's interesting because the kids coming out of college with a, uh, with a, uh, you know, computer science degree. I, if I go back five years, you know, I would talk to interns. I was, I was running silicon labs, uh, in Austin, semiconductor company, uh, and we had about a hundred interns every summer, and I would get them all together and give them advice. And, uh, you know, we had some high school that was known. Like, you know, he got to learn how to program. Yeah, I also would tell them that they have to learn how to, you know, read a ballot sheet and understand it and come statement and they also have to understand people. But, you know, I was programming is, is super important now that's like that was, that was actually, it was a good advice because you need to learn how it works. But now you gotta learn how the AI works and how it writes software. And, uh, the productivity of the top programmers is just going through the roof and the kids are having a hard time finding jobs. And, um, I, they're going to have to go find different kinds of jobs. That there's, you know, when you're at, uh, you know, general act or you're at a caterpillar, you probably weren't hiring the top graduate set up out of out of school. Um, you know, they didn't want to work in those locations or they didn't want to work in those industries. And, uh, those are the types of skills that we need for the future. It's just they're going to come in a different form. Not everybody's going to go get a job with Google and that uh, and uh, and all of these companies. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm agreeing with you. I think that there's going to be a lot of disruption. There's actually an interesting, uh, uh, conference series that the Fed, they do on technology, enabled disruption. And this is not new, but this is going to be a big wave. Um, but I, I, I do believe that it's actually going to be a boon to the economy. It's, it's taking time. I mean, a lot of companies are trying to implement AI. It's, it's, it's going to come and fit since starts. And it's going to take longer than people think. And I think the revenue models, uh, are under, you know, A, the cost models with the open source of the Chinese stuff and, and just the fact that AI keeps getting cheaper and better, it's four times faster than Moore's law. We doubled every two years and Moore's law. So 40 years is a factor of a million. And now we're going four times faster than had this is the fastest change of technology and history of humanity that we're living through right now, which makes it like the most exciting time, but it also, you know, we've got hype cycles and we've got, um, you know, change that is, um, whatever we assume six months ago in AI, uh, you know, a lot of those assumptions have changed. And it's, uh, it's really interesting time. So I, I'll let you ask more questions, but uh, I'm, I'm with you on the, the job of Pockel website. The, the, the creatineus, I, I'm sure you guys covered that on your podcast, you know, when we crash the market 500 points, I'm not sure all those things are going to come through all at the same time and it's fastest. That's, some people are worried. Professor, will they you sign off and we'll take you forward with Tyson. Thanks for kicking off the show. Okay. Thank you. Listen, Tyson, tell us a little bit more for circuit, you know, and you mentioned some of the engineers and software team you're building, for people listening, I know you guys just raised in capital, talk about what, as you think about helping companies figure out how to use AI in the real world, talk about what you're building and, uh, the types of people who are becoming customers. Yeah. So, uh, so we've started the company about two years ago, um, and we just closed a, um, $45 million series a round. We actually are, are wrapping up where we were oversubscribed so we're taking a little bit more. Um, and that gives us run way out a couple of years. We are, we're highly focused on manufacturing and industrial in applying AI into kind of the front of the house, the revenue side. Um, so looking at things like quoting and take off with major engineering companies and I'll talk a little bit more about some of those, uh, specific applications and then on the service side, um, you know, basically opposed sales. So, you know, when you've once you've sold something, you've got to go and install it and you've got to maintain it and you've got to warranty it and those sorts of things. And these are all, we started the company, I, I'm, you know, semiconductor industry. I've, you know, we deal with a lot of highly technical information that was all really in people's heads. And, and, you know, in manufacturing and industrial, they have very complicated products and that that really gets to the heart of the labor shortage. And, and so we, we started the company by saying we want to understand highly technical information at scale better than anybody else. And so we are at the cutting edge of, like, take a thousand page data sheet with diagrams and figures or you've got floor plans. You know, imagine that you're, you're bidding out a hotel or a data center or a water treatment plan. And you have all the specifications and all the stuff and you've got to map products into that. You've got to figure out now what you've cost. You've got to figure out, you know, when that stuff, you know, is available and, and, you know, bring all that together. And that's huge teams of people. I mean, you're talking $500 billion a year of labor to, to, to deal with all of that, even just to take off process. And, and, and now AI can read this information and help to make a lot of those decisions. Like, if you've got an opportunity with a customer and you need to, you need people need to understand that. They need to map that into their products. And then they've got to go into their ERP systems, you know, their SAP and, you know, their CRM systems. But, you know, really give the pricing and all that stuff to generate a quote. And, and, and, in a lot of these industries, they've got more opportunity than they have people and they have to lead to serve them. And so we're helping to make companies more, more productive and automate repetitive manual work flows that depend on all of this information. So we're working with companies like our first customer was Coligan War and, they're, they're the largest water filtration company. Private equity owned BDT, they have, they've done 300 acquisitions over the last five years. So that's also all this new information coming in. They have 32 ERP systems. And by the way, I, I don't know anyone, you know, we had a, at Silicon Labs, we were about a billion in revenue. And, you know, we had, we had a team of 12 people on top of our ERP system just to kind of maintain it and make it available to other people. And, you know, interfaces are tough. You know, adding it and chain, you know, adding parts and changing it and maintaining it. You know, it's a lot of work. Now, AI is this new layer over the top. And you can, you can interface with that stuff more holistically. And then combine it with all the unstructured technical information, you know, quotes and data sheets and app notes and all these things. So that, they sell, Coligan sells through a thousand franchises and distributors and there are tens of thousands of people out in the field installing and servicing and selling their products. And they have a big residential commercial side in about a quarter of their businesses industrial. And so people out in the field, I mean, just the first thing we did was like, you know, somebody goes out to work on something and they can't, they have a question. They've got a download this, you know, huge document and read it and figure out what's going on or more likely they get on the phone and have to, you know, catch somebody and hope they're out on the lunch break. And if they can't figure out the problem, they go back home and got a rollback. We, you know, just the first engagement we were saving them $10 million just in reduction of rollbacks across a third of their, their distribution network. And, but then it's, it's, you know, on the, on the takeoff, you know, when you're quoting, um, it would, a lot of these, you know, if they're quoting out a large industrial job, it can take weeks of teams of people to figure this out or taking that down to hours. And, um, and so helping them get that, you know, get the quotes out faster, get them more accurate. And, uh, and, uh, you know, just get more of them done. And so that helps them drive revenue. So like whenever you can tie a, I'd like driving a revenue line. It's not, you know, you have labor constraints. How do you get more work done with the people that are available? You also have all the senior people that are retiring out. So that's like all this institutional knowledge that you want to bake into a system. So as the system gets used, it, you get a lot of analytics back, but it also continuously learns. And so, so, Colli, we're working in a lot of, uh, boring industries. Uh, I couldn't have told you six months ago that pipes and valves and fittings were, so complicated in such large industries. Uh, we're working in, you know, electrical equipment, HVAC, um, companies like, you know, Emerson and, um, uh, uh, Generac and, um, McWayne, we've got, we've got a bunch of, um, companies in the furniture space, which, uh, actually is a large import export business. And, and a lot of these companies don't have very sophisticated IT systems. And so they're coming into, for the first time and seeing the capabilities of what AI can deliver. Um, and, um, it's, it's, it's pretty remarkable. They, uh, the response that we're getting. Another important point is like, you know, you start in one place that you've got to deploy this out within the workforce. You've got to build out the interfaces. I mean, we have AI and data science and machine learning team, but it's a, front end team, um, you know, so it's not just a chat interface. These are AI driven applications that make it easy for people to pick them up and use them and integrate with the systems and the workflows that they're, they're going and did we have my co-founders and I'll come to come from the manufacturing and industrial space and so kind of understand how things are deployed and how they're used. Um, so I don't know. I, I, I, I, I see, and in, in where we're going, there's, there's huge value. And these are multi-hundred thousand dollar contracts, um, with companies. Um, we're probably piloting with about 70 companies right now. You know, we're two years in. We've signed our first contract in December and, uh, and, and, and, and seeing a lot of momentum, uh, out across the number of subverticals, uh, within within that space. A lot of the companies selling into, uh, uh, you know, construction and data centers and semiconductor labs and, and that sort of thing. We're also working with some of the semiconductor suppliers. And, uh, you think about semiconductors go into a lot of manufacture, you know, a lot of, end equipment and a lot of our customers, all the customers that were within. Um, we, we talk about AI like the semiconductor industry, I've been like the prime beneficiary of everybody needs compute to generate all these new insights and for sure it's like the memory names, semiconductor names are what's driving the market. We say there's going to be a lot of consumers of AI that make them more productive. And, you have, you know, people talking physically as the next wave of things. And, you know, and so as you think about this manufacturing deployment, where's the biggest uplift? Is it that sort of outward facing what you're talking about with how Colgan's using it and streamlining sort of sales operations or how, how do you see the manufacturing team starting to use this technology with you? Yeah, you know, we are not as focused on the production line. I mean, there's a lot of optimization. I mean, look, physical AI has happened for a long time. We've had robots and factories fill on time. And there's been machine learning to figure out how to make the work. You know, we're really, there's a lot of hyper and the humanoid robots, you know, it's like, can you take a robot and put them in, you know, instead of a person and have them do some some work. I think that's going to take, that's going to be the next wave, but it's going to take some time to where you actually see a true, you know, benefit of that, that being said, industrial automation and robotics and all of this is helping to manufacturing. And it's, you know, there's one thing of like where the manufacturing is being done and then there's another like where that is being deployed. I mean, you look at a semiconductor fab and there are no people in the semiconductor fab. People are dirty and you can't have dust and all the sorts of stuff. It is completely, these are completely automated or 20 billion dollar facilities if not bigger. And so the physical side is super important and super interesting. The, you know, it's companies have to see an ROI and the, you know, the IT spend and companies are, is going to go up. You're going to be spending money on AI tokens that are going to automate certain things. And I mean, the, you know, the agents are going to be talking to one another. The big question. I mean, from a financial standpoint is you've got all this capital rushing in and you've got, you know, I think this could even apply to his face X, you know, does the revenue match, you know, are we out of, you know, have we figured out, I mean, from my perspective, we need more and more and more tokens. And we need to make those tokens more efficient. And so, so I think that the build out is rational right now. We have a shortage of tokens. And the more tokens you get in the, the cheaper they are, the Jevon's paradox is like, you know, you're going to, you're going to, you know, you're going to use all of them for a while. But those facilities depreciate very fast. You know, it's like you install a server today and you buy the chips today. It's, it's chips to years from now. It's going to be way better. And, you know, so there's, you know, massive upgrades cycles. I mean, it's really nice to see ours on the semiconductor industry association board and the global semiconductor alliance aboard, you know, back pre-pandemic. And we were trying to tell people how important the semiconductor industry was and how big of a factory. You know, it was about a $600 billion year industry. But at the impact on GDP, you can't build anything without semiconductors. Then, you know, Taiwan and China and all of that scare. And then the pandemic and the shortages, you know, when we moved from services to goods and you couldn't buy a refrigerator and a car or my mom finally understood why I was so excited about what I did. And, you know, the, you know, and then the chips act. There's, there's been a lot of, but now you see, I mean, it's just awesome to see Jensen's vision, you know, and the fact that he, you know, they put put in place a lot of this stuff decade ago or more. And to see the levels of revenue and profit that they're seeing right now. And, you know, I'd also put, uh, Simon and Sanjay over at Micron in that category. So, it was on our board at Silicon Labs and, you know, on the memory side, and that, that, that build out. And, and, and how much optimization there's been and how much optimization I'd encourage you to go look at some of the charts from the Nvidia GTC. The, um, so, it, yes, it's good to see the, the semiconductor industry kind of, you know, get to the top of the heap there and people to understand how important it is. Whether we're overbuilding right now, I don't think we're overbuilding, but, um, there's, there's a lot of constraints and we're probably maybe pushing a little too hard ahead of the revenue. You know, it's a good to see inthropics revenue ramping a lot of that's on the programming side. So it's still, it's still early days. But it's got to get, it's got to get more efficient. And the applications have to get deployed where they're truly, there was a study and it's about a year ago that, um, you know, 95% of the AI pilots were failing because, you know, companies, it's like, oh, I have to do AI. Now I have this AI application, but then it's like, what did it really deliver for me? And, and it's hard to, to deploy these, these, you know, it's a, a lot of the AI's like optimized for individuals. You know, it's like, if you go in, you're using co-worker using chatGPT, that it's like, each person's doing things differently and, and it's like how proficient are you. It's like deploying these applications at an enterprise level across distributed teams and getting the, the measurable productivity impact of that that then justifies the revenue and the spending on the tokens. That is, uh, that that's actually where I think a lot of the value is going to be delivered, but it's hard. Well, let me ask you how you're managing your token budget versus employees. As you think about the different models, how are you, how do you think about managing your token spend? What models you're using? You're developing your own. How's that relate for the 45-9-year easing? Like, where's the budget going? Yeah, I mean, in the end, it's all people. They were not not. So we're, we're right now about 10% of labor costs. You know, our overall labor cost, and it were small, 35 people. But 10% is tokens. And that number is going to creep up. You know, Jensen's famous for saying that like he expects his engineers to use, you know, token maxing and that, you know, they're going to spend as much on tokens as they are, you know, on labor. And that that seems a little excessive. I mean, you're probably, you may not be putting them to as productive of use as you have to. You know, and then, that certainly when you're selling an AI powered application, part of your cost of goods is the tokens. And, you know, we look at the, and that's really the value, the sustainable value that you can create. We think that our margins are going to be similar to SAS level margin 70, 75% you know, 75% means, you know, at we're able to charge for our software for times what it costs us in token terms of tokens, which is a little bit more like semiconductors than traditional software. I mean, traditional software didn't really cost that much to run. Now, it does. And that's why, you know, that's that trillion dollars a year that has to get paid back. And so the, you know, in a lot of the, the companies are, are moving to consumption based pricing, so like the more AI that gets used, the more they have to pay. And that has to get encompassed in the IT budgets. But it's less about the number of seats that I have. It's more about, I kind of like to think about it. It's like, what is the outcome you're delivering? It's not just, it's, it's not like, you know, you can use tokens efficiently or you can use tokens, kind of, you know, you can, you can blow the budget pretty easily. It's the value that you deliver versus the cost that it cost to deliver that value. And, and that's still going to work out. But the pricing models, I mean, there's, I view there's like in the SaaS software world, there's massive disruption coming because a lot of the barriers to entry of writing software and just a lot of applications, it's like, can be, you know, overridden by a lot of the AI capabilities, both on the development side and just the types of functionality that you can provide. It's really exciting time to being being in software, but it's a really scary time if you're one of the incumbent players that, that, you know, you have to adapt to this new future. And so that disruption creates opportunity. And I think you'll see a lot of the, you know, and a lot of these either, taken SAP or a Salesforce, you know, they're deeply ingrained in a lot of companies. And it takes a long time to implement these systems. Most companies don't derive benefits from these systems to the extent that they could if people knew how to use it or if they fully implemented it. And especially when you're talking about, you know, medium and smaller companies. And that provides just a huge opportunity for for value creation and disruption in that world. But it's, you know, they're going to hold on. And they're going to, they're going to be there for a long time. And I think you're going to see multiple companies seeing multiple's compress. And you're going to see new platforms and networks emerge that that didn't exist before that. I think this is the biggest wave in technology that we've ever seen. And we're still in early intensive. I like that dimension because it feels like, especially this year, every earnings call from every incumbent software company, especially in ERP, they're telling us the story of, don't worry, we're going to have the AI. We know that we've had your data for however many years. And, you know, you've already done your due diligence on us. And your compliance team has blessed us and approved us and were connected in. And, you know, you don't want to go through the headache of, you know, a new system, a new procurement process, a new contract. Just let us give you the AI. But from what, from everything you're saying, and I grew through it, it seems that that's a lot easier said than done. And it, I mean, obviously circuit isn't the space, basically showing us that look, waiting for the incumbent players may not be the answer. I love the, I've ever read a, give us some, some more perspective on that. Because everyone's basically trying to quote unquote, play the turn in software and sort of say, when is the time that I should rotate from semi, I mean, every podcast out there these days is basically saying, look at the outperformance of semis, look at the underperformance of software, and everybody's just sitting with the momentum. But when, when's the right time or what what you're thought on software is, where in software, I think it's going to be some new people come up, then no, it's this today. One of the best things about starting a company, I was running a, you know, public semiconductor company, and I was like, you know, do I want to go run a bigger company? And you see this whole wave of change. And I was like, the value is going to be created in applying this infrastructure and this new technology into the economy. And the great thing about a startup is that you don't have legacy. You get to look, you get to look at the world and and go work on the most valuable things first and get really good at those, repeat them, start driving your revenue well, and then expand from there. You know, you're not going to come in and create a network and a platform, you know, and deploy that across, you know, the economy on day one. You have to have a logical path. And when you're a startup, you can kind of pick the the best and easiest and most valuable path. When you're a legacy company, when you're, you know, Oracle or SAP. Yeah, you have, you have these deep customer relationships. I, in the end, an ERP system, I want to see our system are just databases. And they operated at the peripheral parts of companies, right? The, the meat of the work, the ERD and the sales and deploying and all this stuff is people working with information that wasn't in there. And you know, there's not all the stuff you need to know to run your businesses, not in your finances or in their, you've supply chains in there, you know, all of that. But, you know, then you have people, now you've got this new capability. And the question is, are the others ERRP companies that are really, really just sitting there on a database, able to move forward. When their customers don't like them, and their interfaces are hard. And it's super expensive. They're like, hey, we'll do AI, but it's like, you know, you got to go hire, you know, Deloitte for, you know, $10 million to, to come in and implement this for you. They don't have the mentality. And they've got a lot of baggage that those 32 are ERRP systems they call it getting has. Let's just take that. Just taking those and consolidating them to make them like cohesive. It's like super hard. And if you use, you know, because they're different companies and the, you know, it's like, here's my, you know, SAP instance. And I've got to pull this stuff in and you've got to have teams of people to map stuff for long and you want to, you know, implement a coding system from one of these companies. And it's a bunch of rule files that take you six months to set up. And then, you know, something, you know, it's like, let's say you've got to go, I'm sorry, I'm in Texas since, you know, you go down to the Ford give her. You, I want to do truck. I mean, I sell this guy has to say, okay, what kind of tell, okay, I want to King Ranch truck. I want to, you know, beige with in the leather seats and they start working through the configuration. And he's got a tool there that he's entering in the configuration and saying, okay, well, here's your price and, you know, I've got one on the lot or there's one down the street. So you got your supply chain. And that's the configuration tool. That that was like the traditional way that these ERP, and that's a, that's a, that's a module that sits on top of any ERP system that's all driven by rules and all this. We're able to do that all with AI. We're able to, we're able to walk in and deploy this stuff in days. And if anything changes in the documents or anything gets added to the ERP system or if it has to interface with 10 different ERP systems, that's transparent. The users don't know. And ultimately, that stuff gets replaced because it's just a database. And, and the code, the way we developed code now compared to what we did, you know, with when I did earlier in my career and, and, you know, you, you have all this technical debt that you just fire off a robots, you know, agents to, to go and you want to move an interface or hear to hear you want to test things, the software, the barrier to entry and to getting massive amounts of work done has just, the, over the last six months, just collapsed. And these companies are in, in danger, but, you know, whoever is going to come and displace that has to be doing it in a smart way. But the, the start us, and these new entrants into markets don't have the baggage. And they can see where things are going to go. And, um, and they're going to be doing things in ways that I think is very hard for the incumbents to, uh, I wouldn't want to be sales force. I wouldn't want to be SAP. The stocks are representing that. Like that disruption risk, like the multiples have come way down on those types of stocks. There. And you do see so much innovation, you know, you're, like your description of the, the, the baggage, like it's easier to start fresh without your legacy, like it's a bias is you. Like that's, that it's somewhat hard. I was going to try to get to how you think, you know, why that is the key differentiation of the startup versus these established players so very interesting. I may be biased because I, I've basically, you know, brought in disruptive technology and kind of been, you know, I, I've got to start up guys, essentially, you know, within larger companies. But here's a new way of doing things. Let's go and disrupt the market and take it out. And so I've, that's kind of my mentality. It's like, you know, you, you, you, you look at the legacy way of doing things. And there's a newer, better way of doing it than in my world. It was like there was a new type of chip design where we could integrate all this stuff into, you know, better solutions. And we went and repeated that and did that across all these different communications protocols. And now I view that same sort of pattern happening in the software world. This new capability of AI is like just a whole new way of developing software, implementing software, building applications and the companies that leverage that the best I think are going to be ones that are breakout in terms. I think this is the place in the market that is, uh, is the place where the, the highest level of value is going to be created. What one thing I was curious about because you hear a lot with AI agents and large language models and that type of AI is what do you think about the concept of deterministic answers versus probabilistic answers given, you know, in your world, you probably need the same prompt to give you 100% the same answer every time. Like how is AI doing with ensuring different prompts that are really asking for the same thing get you to the same place on these systems where you really do needs to be 100% accurate. Yeah, there's a couple of factors here. Um, the, you know, we decided not to go into regulated industries, you know, we're not in finance, you know, we're not in, we're not in medicine, um, you know, haven't haven't gone into government, you know, or militarist, if you and if you look at it, so for one thing, the way you use AI, if you give it the right context and you ask it the right questions, it will be very, very accurate. Um, if you, if you say, you know, write me a poem, and it looks like a different poem every time. And so we're going into spaces where they, you know, you've got all the context. You've got to make that context available and you've got to be able to structure it the right way. So the way you've prompted and the way, you know, in other words, the way the application is written and what you ask it to do, um, we'll determine how accurate it is. Now, that that's one. A second thing is we're going into workflows that are highly error prone, I mean, it's like if you can get, you know, you're quote accuracy like 80% with people, it's either going to be too high or too low or wrong or whatever we're seeing, you know, we can get the accuracy rates up to, you know, 95, 96, 97% from 50 or from 80. So so we're able to do a better job at a lot of these repetitive tasks than on average the people can because it's like they may not be fully trained or they may not know exactly or, you know, like in the case of Coligan, they've got like so much information, they may have an old document or they may not read it quite right. And so you can do a better job in a lot of these cases with AI, it's not just faster, it's, it's, it's better. And, you know, I would argue that in the legal space, you know, it doesn't mean that the high level strategy that you don't need people in there doing that, but reviewing legal dog in the audit space, you know, it's like an auditing, you know, you would go and, you know, if you, if you, it's all manual and all people and they have to go and check things, you know, you might check 1% of the transactions, say, yep, that looks good. But they are, you can check them all, you know, you can do it all the time, you can, you know, look, you can get real time detection. And so there's, it depends on, you know, where it's going. Yes, it, you know, AI can hallucinate, you know, if you ask it's something dumb or something too general, you don't constrain it enough. But in the spaces that we're going, it's, it just makes things better. And that's the same thing with software. It's like the software engineers, I mean, the most senior software engineers on a team are now, they're like, you know, they are now comfortable letting go of the most critical things because the AI, you know, and the AI, you have to verify. It's like, you know, okay, it's going to write some code. And then you have to make sure that the code is right. It used to be that you would write a piece of code and once it was working, you know, like, didn't want to touch it. That was kind of part of that technical debt. And now that's totally flipped on its head because you can, you use the AI AI to make sure that the AI did its job. And so it, you just have to do it the right way. And, and, and, and, and, and yes, if you don't do it the right way, it'll, you can tell AI to do something stupid, it'll get something stupid. You can, you can tell it to go do something bad. And it'll do that too. There's, there's, I mean, the regulation and, you know, the, the nefarious uses of AI, you know, this whole fable thing. I, I want fable back. It was awesome. The anthropic, a fat hot out of the model. But, um, we'll get it back at some point. But the, you know, the, the cybersecurity and deep fakes and, you know, fishing attacks and, you know, hacking into systems. AI is pretty good at that stuff too. And, um, so there's, there's all this hope and all this optimism. And then there's also, you know, we got to be careful, with, and, and be cognizant of, of a lot of the risks that are out there, which are substantial and growing. Well, I like the, the, the story of your first customer and how they were using it, uh, from Colligan's perspective of, it seems like there's some element of revenue growth and some element of efficiency and saving that we talk about overall margins and economy being like neary historical highs. But, you know, one thing supporting the market is earnings growth and that people worry that market's going to mean revert. But it sounds like your system is one of these things that's could enable better revenue growth and cost of efficiency. When you think about your client base, how much of it is going to be for maximizing growth in revenue and how much is efficiency? Is it like a 50, 50 balance? Is it one versus the other? Uh, and who are the other industry is having we decided to focus on the revenue side of the house, um, because we talked that will be faster. And it's also, you know, when you can, when you can go to a revenue or business leader and and tell them, you know, you have constraints on labor. You have more opportunity than you can really address. And here's a way to actually unlock that, which ultimately delivers more revenue. Um, that's, that's a quicker and easier sell. Uh, then it is like here you have a thousand people and you can do the same work with 500. You know, I, I wouldn't want to be a call center, you know, uh, operator today, right? You know, there's a lot of things that are going to be, you know, really hinged on the labor savings and we're just in an industry that's not really, it's, it's labor constrained and, and that's, um, in some ways, a more interesting space that, um, you know, and that, you know, every, you know, every startup's got to focus. Some of the toughest things for me to do over the last couple of years is that like there's all these interesting things to do and you've got to, you got to narrow in on that most valuable thing and get really good at it and then understand how that expands over time. Here, what to do first. And, and, and, and the thing is that, you know, we're selling it in the manufacturer. There's tens of thousands of companies and customers, substantial size customers just in the U.S. to get taught. And, um, and so it's a broad distributed market lots of sub verticals, lots of, uh, and, and the, the, the other interesting thing is the AI is very, it's like, you know, I thought, you know, do we need to do we need to further segment into, you know, maybe we're just going to do HVAC, maybe we're just going to do electrical components, and maybe we're just going to do lighting. But actually, you can, you can make this fairly broadly applicable and do a lot of the customization at that higher level. Like AI and software development and the way the application is deployed in the way it's optimized is all done with prompting at the top. And so that's kind of getting into, you know, why traditional SaaS and this just, you know, coded and hard coded and deeply ingrained in these companies is really, is really at risk because, um, there's a new way of doing it. It, it feels in a way almost like it doesn't matter what, uh, the underlying software is anymore in a future state. It just your, the user is prompting in something and they're getting the result that they're, they want in the, uh, the agents, the robots quote unquote can go around use whatever's necessary to get either result. And, and that's it. Like this whole world of needing different apps needing different this, needing different that, maybe, uh, maybe it ultimately is, uh, abstracted away. One of the things is like, you know, when you're a worker, how many applications do you need to use to get your job done? It's gone swivel. And, and so, you know, it's like if, if you have to open up 20 different applications to do this specific job, um, you know, a not number was going through the roof for a while. And now I think it's going to plummet. Because you can basically that's this new abstraction layer over the top. That, um, you know, do I need to go and open up the crappy SIP application and go and get this information and then copy that from here to here. I mean, that's all going to get completely abstracted away. And, uh, I mean, nobody likes, you know, a lot of the manual work of moving information from one place to another or accessing things different places is going to get, you know, ultimately the best players are going to be able to, to reduce that to a level that, but it's people focus on what's most important. You know, and I'm sure we, you know, in the, in the, in the media world, we would like to have that too, right? And how many sources of news and how many podcasts do we have to, you know, read, know, any, um, you know, so in some ways our lives, our lives go, uh, doing all different directions and you try to make sense of it, figure out what's most important. But I, I think AI is going to come in and help us with a lot of it. Oh, excuse me, if it didn't happen on Twitter, or XIA, I, you know, it wasn't worth knowing. I, that become my go to source of information. We talked a lot about the software, uh, and how you, all are playing the role, but just coming back to your role from Silicon Labs and the semis, you should have made an interesting comment that we're sort of very token constrained that we're going to use, we need as many tokens as possible. Any further, maybe sort of closing thought on from your, your past seat at Silicon Labs and how it's all shaking like, when, what, do you think there's a time when we will be over supply? Like, what's going to take to be over supplied and what's very general taken? What's happening in the semis space and other things here? You think are interesting there? Um, you know, so my, my old company just got acquired by Texas instruments for $8 billion, which is a geopolitical statement. You know, they built a lot of manufacturing in the US and we were big, we were GSMC customer. And, um, and so that was that was a little bit of sweet see that happened, but it's also a very good outcome for both the eye Texas and Silicon Labs. In terms of the, uh, uh, it's back to what you really have to study is if you deploy a data center today and then you deploy a data center two years from now. How much better is that? In other words, how long is this one useful and how long is the one that I deploy today? At some point, it's ROI becomes negative, it's more expensive to operate than it's generating and revenue and you have to shut it off. And so that and, and you got to make enough for revenue over that time to pay for that server and the deployment of the operation of. And, um, those, those times are still fairly short. And, and so the revenues got to catch up with that capital cycle. So that's, you know, the financial model that we need, at the same time, we need more and more AI tokens and capability. Uh, you know, the more you make the more revenues. And so this, you know, to think about it is a commodity. And, um, you know, the commodity is going to have this curve, like think about the curve going down by a factor of two every six months. And so you need more and more to them. But the cheaper they get, the more you're going to use the chevons paradox, right? It's, and that's that's going to hold for a long time. And, and, and the other thing that's happening is a lot of that models are getting more efficient. And, you know, it's not just brute force. I, part of that two X is just getting smarter about how you use it. Stuff. Uh, you know, our, our brain isn't just one neural network. It's many in different parts of the brain or optimized for different things. And that's what's going to happen with all this stuff. And you look at a lot of the work that deep-seek and others, um, in China and, you know, in meta and others, um, are making on models. And so, you know, there's going to be lots of optimization. But we need more, we need more compute hardware because we're deploying this stuff, the scale that's never been seen. And, um, so I'm, I'm bullish on the AI build out. And, and, and it's constrained more by energy and people and regulatory and getting permission and, you know, a lot of those things. We, you know, longer term, we need a lot more nuclear power. I'm a big proponent of, uh, you know, although I think that if you look at all the SMR companies and how many companies are doing this, that's, that's again, going to take longer. There's, there's a lot of, uh, let's just say optimism and that, uh, in that space as well. Um, but, um, but longer term, we're going to need, we're going to, and, and it's actually a massive opportunity for the U.S. if we got out of our own way. We spent, you know, 50 years regulating that industry with. So, we could talk to you forever. Uh, this is like a very broad-ranging conversation. And you, you have a very interesting seat on the most important stories from your past experience in the SMR space and sort of where things are going in the software applications. I, I'm so glad that, uh, your CFO connected us and, uh, we look forward to watching your screen. We have to be, uh, to meet you guys and appreciate the conversation and, uh, hope to continue in the future. Yes, hi, thank you so much for joining behind the markets. Everyone, hope you have a great, long weekend. We will see you all next week. Thank you, thank you. Thanks for listening. Please subscribe and leave us a rating to help others find the show. You can follow and get to the Sun Twitter. I am at Jeremy D. Schwartz. Sam is at Samuel Rines and Jeff is at Jeff Winner. Jeff, Chris and I are registered representatives of four-side fun services. Our discussion today was not tied to our sake of any investment products. Have a great week.