Welcome to Behind the Market's podcast. I'm your host, Jeremy Schwartz, Global SIOism Shriek. Alongside, Warren Find Professor Jeremy Seagull, who is also a senior economist for wisdom trick, we tackle the latest market trends every week. I'm also joined by my deep-rooted macro colleagues, Samuirrines, Jeff Winnerger, and Chris Let's dive into this week's show. Welcome to Behind the Market's We've got Professor Seagull, Jeff Chris Sam for the first half conversation. We're talking to Brent Donnelly, who's out with the brand new book in the second half of the conversation today, but Professor, big stories out. We got more earnings, but also oil continues to move lower. How are you shaking out these events this week? Yeah, I mean, so many events. Okay, let's, well, let's first talk about yesterday, which was I checked historically the biggest movement of the Bara S&P value up relative to growth in two years. And I'm really strong rotation is going on. The AI trade, I mean, you take a look at the NASDAQ, and just on a technical basis, and I'm kind of an amateur chart watcher. I'm not a professional there, but you have that surge and a sharp drop and the comeback. It didn't quite break out. And now that this is, this is, you know, looked like maybe a topping at the beginning of last year, we had a 16% rise of value versus growth on those two indexes. This is 12 or 13 at this point. Just for, you know, context, if you, you know, go back to 2023 at the bottom. I mean, the, for instance, the mag seven is up 100% relative to the S&P. So even with this sort of big drawback there, it's, you know, the big pictures still there. But it's really beginning to look top. Now that is makes sense of oil is down. Now we add down with a little incident yesterday, you know, that, right now, it looks like it might be under control oil down gases and going down as fast, making, you know, President Trump angry is echoes, by the way, a Biden was exactly the same place that we're going to investigate when the same thing happened. I went down and gas didn't go. Gas didn't go down with a leg. It's not going to get down to the three dollars, a gallon that it was on the day before the Iran War began. But I, I'm, I, I, so I think that it could, it could be 350 by the time, the, the, the midterms go around. Let's let the economy to look in is looking good. I mean, we had a pretty strong revision for third revision of the GDP upward from under 1% about one and a half. And by the way, with all on trade, consumption was actually down, probably an overstatement because of technicalities. But it was good to see that that, that, that GDP rise. I think obviously what's happening now with Apple, the big cell offices, the memory chip, I mean, squeeze is, is having its effect. We see with Microsoft and Xbox, you see with, of course, the iPhones. I mean, technology is supposed to be cheaper over time, not more expensive over time. You know, you know, I mean, you know, over time, you get the same compute, compute, computer for less price or you get more power for the same price and everything like that. And, you know, Apple's, you know, nothing new, it just memories more expenses. You can get the same thing for more price. That's not, that's not common in technology. And, you know, how will consumers actually react to that? You know, going back to the GDP question, one, you know, with consumption being actually revised down last, some last, last quarter. One has to remember the ultimate goal that society is not GDP. It's consumption. We add investment to GDP because it's a means to an end. It shows certain productivity, but you can't eat machines. And so it's consumption that is really there. So, you know, how all this build out of the AI can soup up GDP. And if it doesn't really lower prices, ultimately, or give consumers better experiences on what they have, it's not welfare enhancing. So, one has to, you know, one has to sort of keep that in mind. In terms of the current quarter, which we're going to be ending in a few days, both the Fed and this Fed of St. Louis and Goldman Sachs, interestingly, have converged from St. Louis from going down from our niche way, thinking this quarter was 4% down to 2.5 and Goldman thinking was like 1.8, now they're 2.5. Now it may not be 2.5 because data is still coming in on the quarter, but it's said that looks like what this quarter is look like, which is a quite decent growth. We're going to have to see, you know, what that does for productivity. Now what's interesting also, and then I'm going to comment on the Fed and interest rates. What is interesting is we're going to get next week, the labor market report, and for the month of June. And it's over 100,000. Now we remember there was almost all the experts were saying the new normal was between zero and 50. Well, all of a sudden, we're saying to be, why is it moved up there much? I mean, and that's obviously good for job seekers, et cetera, and so on. It's actually not good for productivity statistics. It means we're producing 2.5% GDP with an awful lot more people. That isn't productivity. Productivity is when you produce more GDP with the same or fewer people. And so we're going to have to see how that that particular shakes out, but boy, stronger. Really, you know, the over 100,000 being three months average, 100,000 expected next month. I mean, it seems to be confirmed if you take a look at the weekly ADP figures. Economies doing fine. Job with claims were down back toward the middle. Durable goods orders were fine that we see. We see that the, okay, now let's talk about interest rates. You know, I voiced the statement a week ago. And I've one of the first, I'd say, I don't think there's any way the worst can raise interest rates of oil prices going down in gasoline is going down. Because that's going to have a market effect on CPI. I know there's core and all the rest, but that would really cut against Trump. If he saw low CPI ratings and they said, and more, it's decided to start raising interest rate. I think unless the war restarts and oil starts moving up or there's some other one time off event that is not foreseeable present time. I don't think there can be any increases this year. And that's especially true because remember the five commissions that wars has called for our own going to make the reports that they ended the year for consideration. In the December January meetings and then probably in new policy will be kind of rule out in March. So we could be on stack now the market doesn't quite expect that that's a tail win. There's something I believe happens and does happen that the market doesn't expect that's a tail win. It's a tail win for the value. If you think that value is more associated with these oil and energy prices, maybe that's something the market isn't. Seeing there we see the 10 year drop pretty decisive we below 450 also on that again things blow up in the golf and Iran, you know, the all bets are off on that, but that is certainly I'm still you know maintaining that call. We got the PC deflator. It was quite okay virtually on target. Again, it's my feeling that wars is going to downplay all this year over year backwards looking indicators. He wants to develop forward looking indicators which are the right indicators for monetary policy. And so you know, yes, we should pay attention to those indexes to be sure. And but but it probably is going to be deemphasized, especially in the new paradigm that he wants to develop. There come on prices are way down. You know, with oil spearheading it, the only thing that sort of staying up is faster, you know, the sort of faster growth that at money supply there was a little bold. And I commented at that, I mean, if there's faster GDP growth, it won't be inflationary and we'll see that productivity grows and won't be inflationary. But we're still seeing a little bit of a bump up there and him too money supply grow. So every I will be on, of course, first week of the new months with that employment report coming out, you know, the housing reports that always come out on the last Tuesday of the month, the money supply monthly data comes out on the. Comes out on the last Tuesday of the month, so you know, next week will have an awful lot of data. I think the market is in internal rotation. There, my God prices are rising again. I say for almost the first time that I can remember that for no extra compute. You think the price rise of of technology good. Now, of course, we're getting AI, which all the devices, you say, I am, I'm enabling a better machine. In the sense that I can get the AI, but the machine itself that does nothing more. We're not coming on new cameras or, you know, new batteries always get a little better each time we know that. But this is really a purely a memory price increase. None of the other components are increasing and I think the market is grappling with what that might mean in terms of the final sales on on on on on tech. Well, we'll get into some of the fact that there's a lot of interesting charts on various things like the NASAC, the growth of value, how you define it all, well, maybe we'll get into a little bit later. And the same thing when I say on oil, oil keeps moving down and any other comments you'd give on what's going on there. I would say it's going to be a very interesting time, particularly in the near term physical market. You still don't see a lot of buying out of China at the moment. You had the largest discount for some West African cargos in at least 15 years. The data is pretty spotty after that, but very, very significant discounts happening on the physical market. What expect that to continue? Uh, until either the war flares back up or you have China re-enter the market in a meaningful way. But so far what you're seeing is probably going to continue to be the trends going forward. We're going to see gasoline, uh, at least on the forward market, begin to come back down almost close the gap with gasoline or with WTI. Since the beginning of the war, you still do have a 7% differential between the two, but that is narrowing. So, we've got the same prices as we move through the summer and into the fall appear to be coming down alongside oil just a little bit slower. I mean, I added a dollar to that, you know, the wholesale futures gas gasoline and you get pretty much the retail. And I think with looking around December, November, December, I mean, when the election is, I think you're down to about 250 on wholesale, which is 350 on retail. Which is another like 50 cents down, but still 50 cents up from pre war. And we'll see how that plays out. Well, professor, thanks for kicking off the show with us. We'll see you after a big set of data next week. Absolutely. Yes. So Jeff Sand Chris, let's talk about that rotation. The professor talked about for a moment because depending on how you define this growth value trade, you get some very different looks at it and and even just. And the in the major market leaders of what defined the growth story fell last 15 years, the the mag seven, the big market leaders, they're getting punished by these memory cost prices, even, you know, micron has this blockbuster earnings. Apple talks about needing to raise prices, Apple gets hit 5% this week on that, but the mag seven, you know, I'm looking at mag seven fund down 7% year to date when the spies up eight. Now, what's fascinating is you often think of the queues are just the mag seven. And the queues are up almost 17 when the growth index is again flat. So it's it's fascinating because you have the Russell value up 17 like the Russell value the queues up both 17, but the mag seven down seven like you wouldn't have thought that is kind of possible you would have thought that there's something like strange going on there. Will I'll take this one, Jeremy, and there is a concept and old concept in markets of shooting the generals. Which is you take a market, you look at its leaders and when they get taken out it's the equivalent of in a more situation shooting the generals and normal you'd be a little concerned about it. Look, I don't want to sit here and look at some wavering stock prices on the alpha bets of the world. Apple, you mentioned Apple because that's that's another one that's that's a little bit of a struggle session here in the last four, six weeks. You don't want to just sneeze at that and say it's no big deal. However. Generally speaking, Jeremy market breath pretty damn good. Okay, you think about the nine style boxes in the US equity market all nine of those are up 20 30% whether it's a large value large growth mid value mid growth they're all up. Notably over last 12 months. I was looking the other day because they were putting out a mid year report over it was in trade in terms of 50 day and and 200 day moving averages on the sectors. Right, we have relative to those the overwhelming majority of sectors are above those moving averages. So whether you're a health care person or a real estate person or finance person whatever whatever sector tickles your fancy generally speaking. They're doing pretty well. Now, in terms of ugly action happening someplace somehow, I mean you got you know, micro end going up some of these old fangs and mag seven's going down. You don't want to see generally generally you don't want to see energy and consumer discretionary being two of your upsets stomach sectors and they are energy and discretionary are very, very weak last few months. And so it's conservices that's the third one that's been really weak in this market but but energy being weak here in summer 26 is a really good thing. Yeah, it's I mean generally speaking energy rolling over and dying or having a weak tape or underperforming means, well, maybe there's a question mark on on the on cyclicals a question mark on future GDP growth, but here it really is. The original is shock in the middle least the exogenous shock seems to be on the wane right now. The equities themselves have now reacted to the downside by underperforming the S&P over the last several weeks and to that that's one of the few examples where you say stocks are going down in some sector. And generally speaking unless you own those stocks that's a good thing. Well, I think the other big sort of last few weeks has been space X IPO cooling off from the 220 peak levels to 150 getting close to the IPO price. Chris, there's been some stories of inthropics. I'm not in traffic. Open AI would open AI delay their IPO from this year to next year and people are like, what does that mean about the whole trade is is. Any any views of what's going on in your tech world Chris. Yeah, so I was excited to see the focus starting. The direction of currently in the sense that would would a typical US consumer instead of going to the Verizon store or the singular wireless store or the AT&T, whatever. Could you actually go direct to start link if that's what you choose no matter where you live in the US and actually opt in and not have to get a new cell phone, but but basically download an opt in your. Using Starlink service I I would be fascinated if if you on had a way to do something like that and ultimately here we we need to move the focus and one of the things I tried to do in my discussions is move the focus from yes the stock is very volatile like. And I think I can trade and all sorts of different way. But are they actually executing the business, are they actually doing that and I prefer to try to hold their feet to the fire on. The execution and what's really getting done as opposed to what may or may not be happening in the market technicals or some of the trading because I think ultimately, I think I'm going to be trying to get a lot of things to do with the business mission. Whether that mission is the moon or Mars, I guess we'll see. But reusability for the full rocket. I was speaking to a firm where one of the things they were doing is. Protein synthesis in space and there are certain benefits scientifically that occur if you can do protein synthesis in basically zero to low gravity. And this is something the business makes literally no sense if you're trying to use the space shuttle years and years ago because I think the cost per kilogram of launches like 50,000 USD or something crazy. But if they can truly get below a thousand dollars cost per kilogram getting into space suddenly we've got all these new and interesting businesses, but I completely agree in the market like, is that going to affect the June 30 earnings and revenue report absolutely not. So, oh, these are some longer term, some longer term banks. Well, I think if it's true, open eyes pulling the IPO filing, it's like one of these major sentiment gauges of, you know, what is the the appetite for some of these IPOs? Does it change? How are they thinking about how they're pricing things in the market? What's the mean for the spend and the overall outlook? It's an interesting commentary. Some people are reading a lot into that. I look at it. That's filing. In a way, I look at it as, you know, people, you know, try to mince words on some of these things, but I'll just say it as a as I see it in the sense that I think open eyes got completely crushed by andthropic and, you know, the only enemy of anathropic is basically anathrophic itself because I don't know what they're doing in their sort of publicity. Or government policy area, but at the end of the day, you look at how anathropic's growth has been and they're basically making history. Like books and case studies and business school classes are going to be taught on how anathropic has scaled up their system and we will be able to use both. And I've never spoken to anyone who says, you know what I really prefer. Open AI, I always hear it can basically do the same thing, but like the anthropic version is faster. It's better. I don't need to focus as much on the prompt whatever the case may be. And so anthropic is eaten open AI's lunch. So maybe that's what's really going on here at the end of the day. Well, while in top because of inthropic, Sam, I'm going to come to you on something for a second with a little preamble. I'm coming into the year we were talking about the major themes of 2026 and one of those major themes. Sam and I were joking around. I don't know if you said on the podcast me. But one of our events, Sam called the negative 26 for 2026. And you said, well, what's going to be negative 26. China was his call for negative 26 to 26. And when you look at China tech, we've passed the negative 26 mark. We're now negative 30 on my leading China tech index is brought China down 17. In a time when broader emerging markets are led by Korea and these these the memory names up, you know, Korea's up 110, you know, and you got negative 20 negative 30 for China tech fascinating rotation within EM. But Sam, like we were talking about some of the big tech companies this week, Baba, gained accused by well, maybe not just I'll I Bob itself, but it's ecosystem of AI enablers being accused by anthropic of it of sure these dark attacks that sent sent Baba down 4% this on the day and down another 3% is we're recording. And it was basically trying to steal some of the anthropic or insights selling out like 90% cheaper in China, but it seems like the geopolitics stuff with China is flare up here. Yeah, and it's likely to continue to flare up if you have if you have we call it all the olibaba and others trying to distill distill is I guess, AI parlance for theft. But distilling their other people's models and then trying to sell them at much much lower prices. You know, that's that's generally kind of the I would say the model right you have very very cheap electric cars. You saw them all over the world, nobody else can compete, etc. Right, that's that's the model that a number of Chinese companies have pursued and that appears to be the way that they're pursuing AI. I would say I would be very careful about using any of the open source models out of China and relying on them at any meaningful way. Because there is a zero percent chance the US government is going to stand by and allow these models to be used in the US. I will I will I don't really have any special insight into that, but I will say I would be shocked if you didn't see some sort of very significant move from the government to protect. US AI insights and USA I leadership. You already have rumors about the potential of the US government taking stakes in AI firms. If the government's thinking about taking stakes in AI firms, the chances of the Trump administration doing something to protect that IP is very very high, regardless of whether or not they own 10% of open AI or zero. That's a I do think that's something to pay attention to pay very close attention to the government was unhappy that there was the potential that some. Very sophisticated equipment had made its way to China and called that out and said wait a minute you know come in here and tell us how that equipment made it to China we want to know because that's something that made it around our export controls. I do think that this is a very very early stage of the competition in AI on a global basis. But I would say just because the China models are very cheap and seem to be very good does not mean that they're going to be available on the Western world for very long. It's interesting there's definitely more open source the dominance people are talking about. You know the token usage from open and throughout the game and how much it's coming from really these Chinese open source models so that there might be a big. Shuffling of if you're using if your billions of these open source can have to shift but it seems like we're getting new models every day from different people. All sorts of new announcements on developing I've seen some stuff overnight you know that you're getting. Better developments that can compete with the frontier labs so that's all these big open questions and. And it's worth remembering particularly within the context of anthropic calling out only Baba for stealing it stuff that mythos was cut off right that you had a product that the government considered so good. The government was like no no you can't have that out there and part of it was probably because they were somewhat scared of it being ripped off and reverse engineered so there's I would say a lot of these stories might not look like they're connected but they're probably connected on some level. Well big I mean this has been a big market rotation kind of week and and this sort of factor stuff that we put out to I mean it's really just a fascinating. Time for the divergence and these different indexes the today's also a big Russell rebounds day so we'll be talking more through. Some of the changes next week but the value growth indexes are dividing what gets put into the indexes is dividing. I mean and you're seeing I do think some of these mag seven names are becoming more traditional value we were we were questioning. How Amazon got into the value index last year but now you got meta like mid teams PEs you got Microsoft way down the videos way down so there's a lot of interesting. I think value names coming in in these things so that rotation is is happening. We in our own team took some views on lowering apple weight and indexes because we thought that they were going to face this this shortage. Well this higher price problem from the chips and was well more expensive of the mag seven names. Interesting the weakness we saw there that's something we had addressed earlier few weeks ago in some of our revounces. Jeff, I want to say finally on this sort of that marker rotation and how how you're thinking for. I think it was Jayce you perets the technician you called it the lag seven I think that's what he called his on Twitter. The lag seven and you know I guess that really. Funnels and heroes sentiment you're on perspective on this market is to you know there's there's a lot of stuff up. But if you've been overexposed the mag seven this has been a little bit of a tough year for you I mean just generally speaking. The markets are doing just fine you got stuff you got some stuff that wants to break out to new eyes. Health care is do it is in rude health wants to once to take out highs from from inside the last 12 months keeps going generally vertical. That's a sector that we just don't get a lot of attention here because memory and and semis is just dominating the new cycle but health care is doing. Really well financials is another sector that's been really doing well of late if you if you think about the first quarter rhetoric. The first quarter stories the the fears in this market at the time it was private credit and all these financial system and insurance companies and so forth I think some that is subsided. That was a serious serious bearish talking point and I think that a lot of that has generally at least been digested or faded and so you know you have this market that is generally broad. In in participation generally we've talked for years because it's been going on for years we're pulling if you think in the S and P terms the S and P 600 which is small caps 22% discount on on a PE multiple to the S and P 500 on reported earnings. That is lower than four fifths of all readings in the last half century and generally wink wink because someone doesn't start you know within minute after comes out of your mouth and I just takes a few years. Generally speaking that is akin to the starting points of the big mega small caps cycles we saw these kind of low valuations back in there in the early mid 70s small caps kick large caps butts from 74 to 81. And then largely forgotten year inside of our own careers small caps dominating from the turn of the century out to 2017. Literally from the turn of the century out to 2017 on that rotation I don't know if the mag slash lag 7 indicates some sort of movement in that direction. But valuations would seemingly support it. On the positive things, while your charts breaking out to highs that we talked about chart reports and out of a thing on leisure and entertainment. You know if you see these these entertainment stocks from restaurants to hotels and gambling sites all these sort of things that we do to have fun. Breaking out to all time highs and when that's how how bad can things really be if you know he got those kind of market action on the consumer sentiment you see some. Divers are seemingly just give the the latest red book numbers also on that consumer sentiment in spent. Yeah, what was it 10. 10 percent. Yeah. So yeah, the consumer seems to be doing well oil price coming down seem to be positive. All all all little positive signs there. Well, we're going to have a very just conversation. Sam and I know Brent's from Times and Maine. We're going to get a nice interview with Brent on his new book. So stay tuned for that conversation just a moment. Well, welcome everybody to the second half of our conversation. We've got Brent Donnelly president of spectrum market to as of Monday will be releasing a brand new book. Trade outside the box advanced thinking for professional traders Brent welcome back to behind the market. Thanks for joining us here. Hey, I'm happy to there's no two people I would rather do a podcast with than salmon Jeremy. Well, that's a nice statement and Sam you've got a little feature in this in this new book. Yeah, I had the opportunity to write the forward got to read the book early and. Yeah, it's it's one of those it's one of those reads where it's like talking to Brent, but you don't have to try to get him on the phone. Well, Brent give it give our people listening on audio here a little visual of the cover and where came from sure so the cover is. It says trade outside the box and that print is around a box with a guy running up a sort of ramp of made of can't. I mean, I've made of candlesticks and he's crashing through the edge of the box and the reason I did that is when I was a kid I always loved comics where the protagonist was. Aware of the fact that he was in a box and then trying to get out of it. I saw a couple of comics like that as a kid like where the hero in the comic is using a hammer or like a nuclear missile like or a shoulder held missile or whatever to try to break down the box. I just went with my childhood memories of of comics and the concept essentially is if you think like everyone else you'll trade like everyone else which is a pejorative because. You know average returns are obviously way below index and benchmark on average so if you think like everyone else you'll perform below benchmark and. My last book, alpha trader was essentially the box which is fundamentals, technicals, behavioral and quantitative. That's what I sort of see as like the main parts of any any process and so this book is a little bit more for advanced traders I would say or advanced investors who have read plenty of books about those for. For notions are those for frameworks and want to think about other ways of thinking about markets so. Going way outside of the normal stuff like into AI and LLMs into like how poker can be used as a training ground for trading and discipline and things like that. The ability, the multiverse all kinds of stuff clinical psychology addiction those kind of things like how those things relate to trading. And then the real message from the book is not necessarily to say like okay Brent uses all these methods but more to think about areas that you are good at or that you know a lot about. And find ways that you can apply them to trading because I feel like you know I was talking to someone yesterday who's son is an F4 auto racing which is like. Like F1 but it's for you know more junior people that are are younger and he was saying like there's so many ways that the process and process versus outcome and discipline and getting up after you get smashed in the face and all that kind of stuff. And that's another one which I didn't write about that but I think that's the way to think about is like can you apply if you're really great golfer can you apply some of that stuff to trading and investing etc etc. Well I love that you talk about poker and that you know where we probably spend some of the most time together has been at the poker tables and means so maybe you can help diagnose me and Samford for the listener we could have. Probably you know play poker with Brent for five years six years in a row and I could say he's definitely consistent winning discipline player but how do you diagnose me and Sam Brent in your psychologist role what's your what's our reputation. Oh man so yeah. I'm a fan of the trader there's and I mean people have said this besides me but people say like are you trading and investing for fun or to make money and I mean Sam's Sam's playing poker to have fun I mean that's just it's just that simple. But he gets enough runner runner flushes that it's okay. The rhymes on the river has a reputation there isn't reputation yeah but I mean there's so many parallels because like you have incomplete information and and you know a lot of the the foibles or like the behavioral problems that people have with poker which I have myself. I'm also applied at trading and the good thing about poker is you get so many reps so in trading if you're so like as you guys know but I'm just saying for people that don't play a lot of poker. The sort of standard strategy is tight aggressive which is you don't play a lot of hands but when you have a good hand you play very aggressively and I think that applies to trading as well like you you want to wait wait wait when I'm trading well. I a lot of times have zero line items that I'm waiting waiting and then I see something and then like I have four line items for four days and then I square up again and that's like good trading to me and when I'm trading poorly. I'll get jack six off suit in my hand and I'm like you know what I'm a little bit bored I'm a bit drunk and you know I'm doing all kinds of nonsensical things with bad hands and it's similar in trading like if I'm sitting here and I'm flat and I'm up a bunch of money at 3 p.m. and some stupid headline comes out I'm more likely to trade that for no reason. If I'm not being disciplined so the good thing about poker is you can if you want to use it as like a training ground for trading you can say okay I'm going to see if I can play. with perfect discipline like I don't care how much money I make or lose but here's my plan like I have my grid of hands starting hands or whatever and I'm only going to open with these hands and can I actually do that for three hours and like you know it gets kind of boring sometimes doing that. But are you trying to have fun or are you trying to make money and even I don't know if enough listeners play this but clash royale actually is a similar thing where it's a video game. That has like a whole but you just every game is three minutes so it's another good way of just practicing like okay I'm going to stick to my plan and be disciplined and then I feel like when you sit down to trade. Maybe that part of your brain is more activated that patient more than part of your brain instead of like the monkey mind that just wants to push buttons and have fun. Well say at the shorts household last night my my 11 euros and 14 euros might there what they're going to camp to like dad complete poker with us tonight was a bad and they like wake me up come play. Play for like two hours for like nine to eleven so a little tired after my normal nine p.m. bedtime amazing yeah poker's a great way to teach kids about so many things like probability expected value mathematics so many so many lessons might my 14 or as a real passion she's like really obsessed she feels like she's like prepared for college now with that and she's starting to play pool and beer pong with with water but. The 11 year old took it down drill he really showed us all less and less night so well you should get them the biggest bluff by Maria kind of cova. I think that's a great book about a female poker player yeah trying to get that one for that on you think you mean my critique branty said Sam likes have fun what's what's my what's my psychological experience from your experience you know and honestly I don't know what the answers to that I feel like you play pretty pretty hard to. I'm going to go and go all in to like someone's in it to the end. Like once you decide you're in you're just all in so I don't know I always found that you're a pretty hard player to play against. Oh look at that all right so it's good to go there. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. Sam we're we're we're from the book you want to go with branty with definitely if there's market views but as as as as you think about the book and what people should take from it. Where do you want to go I got I'm really curious we suit one of my favorite parts of the book was when you just go off the one he discussed the narratives. I'm. I think that's a. I think more over looked parts of the investment process side and understanding how you process narrative how you put it into an investment process execute on it or avoid executing on it. I thought this really intriguing around the mental framework that breakfast building. Well this is amazing marketing for my book you guys are good. So I my my my time horizon is pretty short right as you guys know it's like one week to one month that one month would be the most so. If they say that the the market is a weighing and a voting machine like in the long run it's a weighing machine a short run it's a voting machine. So I think that's the thing that I do is all about market as a voting machine so you know Tesla DCF is not going to make anyone any money but it's definitely not going to make me any money analyzing you know what is the evaluation of Tesla relative to other automakers or whatever nonsense when it's essentially a meme coin. So for Tesla. Or for anything what I'm trying to do essentially is there's if you just picture and this is a thing that's commonly in blog posts and stuff the the. The wave that goes up and down of. Essentially just picture like a normal distribution kind of curve and that if you use that as the narrative and the the pitch of the narrative there's sort of familiar parts of it as you go up and then as you peek and as you go down. And then there's also data that you can attach to that in terms of positioning positioning data and sentiment data and so the dream scenario and like I think a lot of my really good trades are anticipating a narrative before it comes so almost everything that I'm doing is I'm not necessarily trying to predict. Policy maker activity or like which frontier models going to win or whatever I'm trying to predict what human beings are going to do so. It's the keen beauty contest thing where I don't care what I think I just care what I think other people are going to think or what other people currently think. And what other people think you can map with data but then you can also predict. I'm sorry. And so that's essentially what I'm trying to do is is say okay, you know the market is this is just an example this is in a real thing right now but the markets long a ton of dollars they've been buying dollars for three weeks. And the data is kind of showing that payrolls has a chance of being week next week because of XYZ and so if everyone's max long dollars and short bonds already the run up into payrolls is most likely going to be risk reduction which would be selling dollars and buying bonds. So that would be a kind of like narrative thing where I know what people are going to think next week is going to be worried about a week jobs jobs report and again I'm not talking about July's jobs or June's jobs report. I'm just saying that's what I'm trying to predict and I think even sometimes like in the in the whole AI thing. It was pretty clear to see like the bottleneck story was switching from chips to memory at one point so like that that is like a classic narrative right it's. You weren't buying memory on the release of chat GPT but at some point you could kind of see that. The inference training mix was changing. The video was like not trading as great and people were starting to talk about memory and DRAM prices a lot more and so and then as you ride a trend like that then the question becomes. When do the the. Chinks in the armor began or like when do you start to notice no necessarily that the real story has changed but more that like doubt is creeping in like I actually feel like that with the memory stuff now that. Some amount of doubt is creeping in that at some point the the cure for high prices is high prices and you see like apple raising prices on stuff by 20% and. You know currently we're in a situation where demand is so far ahead of supply that it doesn't really matter prices go up because demand is is like there's not enough supply anyways but at some point you know if DRAM prices go up a zillion percent. And the frontier models are going to start optimizing more for or or the builders of the AI of the AI data centers are going to start optimizing more for efficiency because you know if if. As whatever memory they're using is 500 times more expensive than it was when they design the AI data center they're going to have to find ways around that and use less memory so. It when that starts creeping into the narrative than I think that's when you start to see like topi price action and a lot of times you know there's the argument of does price lead news or news leads price. They're kind of interactive right like sometimes one leads and sometimes the other leads but can they definitely feed on each other so you know when when memory or was sorry when memory stocks start trading bad then you start hearing oh S. K. mechanics is switching their mix from you know cheaper DRAM to this or whatever a lot of times there's people then back fit narratives and then those narratives start to take hold and then it becomes like I guess like sources reflexivity kind of idea. Well, on that particular topic one thing we're I liked one of the. points where you're talking about the options market is is often like cocaine for a. You know, a gambler like it's like really getting people jazzed up and there's a lot of leverage in the system like it and be there talk about one of the nerds I'm seeing online now is like well has there been too much leverage in those high next leverage ETFs and. The retail traders are they going to get delivered do you see that at all do you see the positioning being stretches or too much frenzy in the Korean names that are feeding to all these memory names. I think so yeah I mean there's there's like 15 ETFs in Korea the actually the head of the Korean regulatory watchdog. I said I wish that we had never allowed these things because we rushed too much and I mean that's that's a bold statement from a regulator to do a make hope like that. And I think the way to think of it is essentially it's like a massive short gamma position in the market right so everything's going to go up way more than it should have and then when it turns it's everything's going to go down more than it should have. And silver is like a good example of that to right is just it's the sort of the microcosm of like the Wall Street bets thing and the and the gamma squeeze and everyone buys calls on the thing and then as it rips through the strikes everyone the market makers or whoever's if they're doing total returns swap so whatever they're doing. Just creates a massive short gamma in the market so it makes it really fun to trade the turns if you're if you're good at timing it because the moves are absolutely stupid like if you look at relative or like implied or realize ball on my cron and he now versus you know three years ago and now the stock is trading you know at likes or say sandists is training at 2000 but yet the walls way higher as well so it makes for insane trading up. And so it's a very important thing to do with the opportunities. But the way that I think of it is not necessarily as like a guaranteed to be bearish catalyst although maybe long run it's bearish when. You know when the cycle ends but I think in the short run it just creates a crazy amount of volatility because of the short gamma kind of hedging. And the book as you wrote it for and and your focus versus who can learn from it the most and there's a lot of like life lessons in the book I was I was screenshot a bunch of this from packet. I thought I want to study later like one broad one is talking about how and what the principles you have is trying to get more creative like creativity and and there was a whole. And so it's a very important thing to do with the process of how you can train yourself to be more creative that might be like an interesting thing of how you think that applies to trading but who else do you think should. Colourn from the book who it's written for and and what you want people to get from it. So I think so with alpha trader I was trying to kind of. And I think that's a very interesting thing to say that professionals would enjoy the book but also newer people would still understand what's going on. Whereas this book I kind of just assumed that you've got the basics of investing in trading knowledge so I think it's basically good for anyone that's. trading and investing it's probably fine for you but I would definitely wouldn't make it the first book you read because I feel like what I'm trying to do is you know this scaffolding of good process is all the good books like the Alexander elder books or or whoever you want to be want to list. And then what this is is trying to go beyond that because like on the subject of creativity I think having hired a lot of people from programs at banks like from analyst programs at banks. The bar it for intelligence and like book smarts is incredibly high to get into those programs right like everyone that gets into those programs is super smart and can do calculus set up super high level. But one thing that that sometimes leaves out is is creativity and independent thinking like you get a lot of people that are really good at doing exams and getting high grades but you don't necessarily have a lot of people that. You know have faced a lot of obstacles and gotten up after getting smashed psychologically and and all that kind of thing. So and then you also don't get a ton of people that are super creative because that's not what the finance filters for anymore so. So I think then the advantage comes from having a unique way of thinking so it's impossible to come into the market and just have a unique way because you need it's kind of like you can't like break the rules of grammar and tell you master them so like you have to master the basics of trading and and investing. But then after that you really have to have your own stamp whatever it is like you have more courage than anyone else or more creativity or whatever you have to have something. And I feel like creativity is like a muscle that's pretty easy to build and everyone has interesting that are outside of like outside finance and so the simple ways to try to think of you know if you're a behavioral epidemiologist that's probably going to give you some edge in how narratives are transmitted or you know etc etc and trying to just think a little bit differently because. Like I said, if you like brought in and we actually used to do this we used to have the analyst give trade ideas and the trade ideas would be the same as if you go to deep research on Gemini or whatever it's just the most vanilla. Consensus taking everything that everyone already knows and putting it in like it would be bullish oil during a war and then it would be bearish oil right now for example like just you know extrapolation and that's what humans tend to do is extrapolate and not be overly creative just like look at what's going on and then trade that but. I think it's a drug and Miller thing of you can't trade what's happening now you have to trade like what's going to happen in 18 months and I think a trap that's very easy to fall into is. Get sucked in by the the noise of the crazy exciting thing that's going on right now and extrapolate so if you're a little bit more creative in your approach. You might find different ways of of looking at things. And it's and it's one of the things I really enjoy about talking to you, Brent is to your point earlier everyone can do a DC off and they almost never matter. And what do you and I always pretty much talk about it's philosophy music you know if it's going on in you know contemporary America in terms of narrative pivots etc etc. And you know that might not seem like it has an awful lot to do with investing but I always come away with three or four ideas to go dig into and say, these could actually be really interesting here based on what random things Brent and I might have just talked about for 20 minutes. Yeah, like you know it's a really good example of that is I was talking I played tennis and table tennis and I someone was talking to me about this tennis book. And basically the core of the whole book is are you playing to win or playing not to lose because if you're playing at someone who sucks you just can basically you don't really have to hit winners you just put the ball back until they screw up with an unforcerer. And but if you're playing someone who's good then you need to play to win because you you have to actually you know take risk and try to put the ball down the line and all that kind of thing or you're going to get smoked. And I feel like an investing and trading a lot of times that's relevant like are you playing to actually win or just to not lose and if you're playing not to lose. The strategies are different right you can just like avoid semiconductors at this point of the cycle you don't have to be long but you also don't have to be short you can just say like this is too hard I'm not playing. And so I think always knowing like whether you're playing to win or playing not to lose is a good starting point and also even for me trading like sometimes if I'm doing really well and I breach like some threshold to the top side of new all time highs of. Capital or P and L or whatever I tend to get really loose at that time because I'm overconfident and I have like a lot of black chips in my pocket and so I'm I trade. So what I have like I have a conditional formatting in my P and L spreadsheet that like if I'm over earning it starts turning orange and red and then at that point I just play not to lose for a bit I try to just like. Lock in what I have and like maybe I'll trade things here and there but I won't be going crazy with my risk and so even as a short term trader most of the time I'm playing to win but sometimes I am playing not to lose as well. Well that's what interesting about like when you when you see people lose a lot playing on tilt is one of the things you say dream scenario if you're watching somebody on tilt to go after them. But he also talked about the markets being able to go until it's an a major direction is there anywhere you think the markets are highly until today and. And offering that type of opportunity. I would say this is a little bit more of a short term calls so I this is like a two week thing. And but I think in terms of fixed income and the dollar I think the wash. Stuff is way too overheated like it's a bit of a fever yes today I was talking to someone about going short dollars because I'm short dollar in and dollar max right now. And they were like how can you look at that euro chart and and be bullish euro like what are you talking about you can be short dollars horses super hawk is she's committing to the inflation target. And the reality is like. Every central banker says they're committed to the inflation target and at the start of their term of course they're going to say that but then you know as soon as you get a little bit of a different core PC or our or headline PC which you will get for. And then you get a bit further along in the cycle then it's like oh maybe we can just wait maybe we can wait maybe we can wait and then all of a sudden you know it's March 2027 and they haven't hiked so whether that happens or not it doesn't really matter there's just a lot price like September being fully priced or July being priced at like 25% both seem wrong to me so I think that's a bit of a fever thing. So I'm long to say I feel like that's just like a pretty simple way of expressing it and then I am short dollars as well so both of those markets have been. You know feeding for a while on the the worst you know the worst jeff on see which was I guess the 17th the now today's the 26th so the market has has had time to fully price the hawk is worse. And I don't think he's going to be able to clear the bar of or I don't even think the data will be able to clear the bar of how hawk is the market has got. Is that is gold part of the same trade like some of our technician friends we have we've had macro charts on the show before he's calling for a bottom in gold it's around these junctures and levels is that. Something you would say also is part of the worst trade yeah so for there was a period for a while where gold and the dollar decoupled because of central bank flows mostly when when gold was kind of in a like a spec bubble there where like. The number one stock on Wall Street bets for while was GLD which is like a massive red flag that's like that's it there's there's a website that tracks the most active most actively discussed stocks on Wall Street bets and I feel like that's a really good narrative. So generally the dollars corley with gold but a decoupled during the mania and now it's re coupled yeah if you overlay dollar Swiss and gold because Swiss is kind of the most defensive currency. You'll see that they're almost moving tick for tick so yeah if I'm right gold, I'll probably go back to 4400 or something like that in the next few weeks. You know as you just made that comment about there's a website that tracks the most talks stocks and Wall Street bets I typed it into a clock to grow what the site that is. I can say and I don't care it's swaggy stocks it's a bit of a text it's a cringe cringe URL but it's I check it every day. It gave me that answer that's great so it gave me that yeah so that website is essentially like the first thing you can check to just see like what are people going crazy over and I mean generally there's more sophisticated ways to write like you could look that options in gold in GLD. And it would track the same thing it's you know that there's more sophisticated ways to look but I I go to swaggy stocks and check it out not not a paid endorsement. I don't know who runs that website but I do find it useful. So using that example to say you also in the book talk about how AI you know impact has impacted your own. sort of trading analysis have what do you think are the pros the con you give a bunch of good examples in the book of the inputs you put in the outputs you got out so people can sort of learn a little bit about how you're using AI to refine but but anything you would say about how AI is changing your process. So for trading headlines on the quick and dirty I think it's really good because you don't really have time to obviously if you understand the headline that's great but if it's somewhere to headline about a biotech or something. I'm not going to know what it means so the risk obviously is that the things are wrong LLMs are wrong. I always put it through three at the same time to make sure that at least I have some kind of checking you know check but in terms of actual research I still don't find it that great like if you're researching something that you know nothing about. It's great but if you actually researched something where you're an expert you realize it's very again it's just obviously what it is by definition is the median view of everything that's on the internet basically so it's very vanilla. When you're doing research but I think if you know nothing about you know do a lingo stock and you want to get an idea of what the situation is you know putting in I'm a Wall Street analyst tell me. What the narrative is on do a lingo I think it's a great starting point and then you can start doing more work. So I use it mostly for things where like I just have absolutely no clue because it's there outside of my realm. And then I use it for a lot of data crunching and sometimes like if I'm bored one fun thing to do is just put in and like take the data for whatever some like dollar well not the land but like say whatever stock or something. It just take the open high low clothes and put it into cloud and say are there any interesting patterns that might be tradable here and obviously that's like the worst possible data mining. You know snooping risk but what I find is it'll give you like 10 things and nine of them are stupid but one of them you're like oh wow that's actually interesting because you know I know from the flows that you know. Corporate's always by dollar in at the end of April and he's talking about this or she I don't know if cause the cause of a guy I guess so I find it it's good for. Brain storming ideas and then I do use it also for some analysis the only one thing that I find is like like putting in say Sam I have a strategy that I want to try and you know put the data and excel and put it in the only thing that I don't love is it's a little bit like. If you are researching something and you put into chat GPT you get the answer but you don't get the that journey that teaches you so much more so I think it's a little bit like. Okay if you want to know about dinosaurs you can put it tell me about dinosaurs and chat GPT but if you go to the library and you get a book and you know you look it up in the do we decimal system or whatever and you go to the book. Then you read up but then there's a bunch of other books around there and one of them might just be about the paleolithic era and then you start reading that and you're like oh I learned a bunch of stuff here so all the lateral thinking that you would get from doing your own research you lose all that with chat GPT so. If I put a spreadsheet of financial data in there and tell it to run the thing then okay I got the answer but I didn't notice the other pattern then I might have noticed when I was playing around with the the data myself so. I don't know I feel like it's like the lazy and fast way to do things but it's like a form of surrender like you're surrendering. I think a lot of cognitive work that you would have had to do which is kind of great on the efficiency point but I feel like it's kind of can be detrimental as well so I use it as like a quick and dirty lazy but if I'm doing real work I tend to do it myself. There's an interesting example where I was doing a lot of research on a specific country right I wanted to know how to invest around it you know very specifically on the consumer side blah blah blah blah and. I'm just researching that went down a rabbit hole because there's nothing better than going down an investment rabbit hole for a while. I'm just going to do that and then I ended up not only not picking a stock that was in that country but picking a stock that was completely outside of that country that had 50% of its revenue exposure to that country. I think that's a really intriguing investment opportunity and but it had absolutely nothing to do with that country except for the revenue life right right you go down three to five drabittles and all the sun you're learning about the history of the country researching first history of another country history of business in those countries. I think that's a really fascinating thing that's really fascinating and you come out you know significantly smarter for doing so and potentially have much better outcomes so. I think I will readily admit AI helped on the beginning. Yeah, but then it was like and now the rabbit hole is Sam reading two books that he never would have otherwise right and then three weeks later somebody asks you about like say you're researching hungry and then three weeks later someone asked you about pull in. I think that's a very interesting sense of what's going on because you read that other thing while you're reading about hungry or whatever yeah so I feel like it's it's it's. Yeah, I think it's it's a dangerous thing to commit too much to but obviously it has its about it has its values. What when I really want to know is how in the world you knew it was Poland. Wow, I have a bad idea. I read your eyeballs. Do you think it's going to have a if or as one of the early opening parts of the book is that you know things that work stop work you got to adapt how you're going to make money tomorrow's not how you make it today. Do you think about it for the AI impact and people using these tools how do you have you seen it impact the markets trading and clustering the how what's the macro level impact you think people using these AI tools to source ideas together. Is this going to have. I think it's much more micro than macro because like excuse me like machine learning and algorithms have been around for ages so I feel like the big change was just algorithms and machine learning when they came in and like 20. It's basically 2010 kind of was when they really started accelerating so that removed a lot of things that used to be able that used to be able to do as a human being to make money like when news comes out. You know a lot of times you could just even even on non farm payrolls in 2003 when non farm payrolls would come out. You could have a bid ready and $30 points through the market and if it you just have your hand on the button and when the number comes in if it's strong you hit send and if it's not you don't hit send. And so as you can make $500,000 in like 20 seconds because you were just clipping all the lazy offers that shouldn't have been there in the first place. And like all that stuff has been eliminated by algorithms but I don't really feel like this like the AI as it currently stands and as people are using it is all that different from the older algorithms and machine learning like yes it's their more advanced so sure maybe it gets even harder to trade headlines because now someone has you know an LLM reading the headlines connected to an API and trading. I think also that that kind of stuff like APIs directly from agents into the market are pretty limited still because of compliance and and like it micro crazy risk so. I don't think it's like at transformative at the macro level I do think it will change the microstructure stuff and changes a lot of like. They'll be better market making algorithms for example because they can incorporate a lot more information in real time and they can be more adaptable that's the one thing about I guess that's the one thing that's very different is. And they really this one sense. slightly better algorithms. But anyways, I guess my short answer is like if I was a young person coming into trading, I would be, you know, exploiting the tools and learning about them, but I wouldn't be worried that like the entire market's going to be run by these things. There's kind of a circularity to all these things being so similar. Like every to me, the elements are so commoditized. It reminds me of likeos and astgeaves in Yahoo and all that in 2000, whereas like if I'm using OpenAI or Claude or Gemini, yes, some of them are better at specific tasks and stuff. But if you're asking it to interpret a headline, you're using it at the same answer from all three. And so the, that's a form of group think that doesn't really work in markets. So like the fact that, unless you have some unique, you know, series of agents that's developing some kind of recursive logical feedback that's making smarter decisions than just the LLM themselves. You're not, I don't know, you're saving some time on research and stuff like that, but it's not like you're going to revolutionize how trading is done in the end. Even if even if they do become good, the, the sharp of those strategies will collapse really fast because they'll all be the same computers doing roughly the same thing, which won't be sustainable. There was a really interesting time where I asked a very specific question to one of the AI systems we have access to, so I wanted to get an update on thoughts that I had had in the past. I gave me four articles that referenced me from the past and it was a very interesting moment in my world where I was like, wow, okay, a little bit meta here. Please exclude everything that this individual has said on this topic and repeat the process. The first thing was like, what would Sam Rines do you got to, you got to ask the LLM what would Sam Rines do. We can train that there, right now. So, Brent, I guess I'm sort of closing thoughts, I mean, it's great to have you on people can now get the book. And by early next week, we'll be able to get the book on Amazon and in another places. I guess final thoughts that you want to relate to people about the book about trading life, whatever closing thoughts you want to get people. Well, I appreciate it that you said that there's some life lessons in there. I feel like with Alpha Trader as well, the most validating feedback I guess I got was like, I'm giving this to my 18 year old daughter, whatever, because there's a lot of life lessons about playing games and how to play games successfully and those kind of things. So, I mean, I hope that the book resonates in that way for some people that, you know, they can take a few things and apply them in their lives, because what I'm really doing is taking things for my life and applying it to trading. But you can go back the other way and take those lessons from trading and then apply them to real life as well. Just to give the name of the book again, trade outside the box advanced thinking for professional traders, but for everybody as well for people who want to learn about life humans only though. And okay, no, we're not going through it. They're off through the LLNs. It's called be right. Well, we deal care about copyright for getting very good to see. I'll give it practice of our poker skills in Vegas here in a few weeks. So, you're going to see if I can learn some of these lessons and come back with some refresh thinking on the markets. All right, cool. Thanks. Thanks a lot for having me, guys. Thank you. Thanks for listening. Please subscribe and leave us a rating to help others find the show. You can follow and get to the Sun Twitter. I am at Jeremy D. Schwartz. Sam is at Samuel Rines and Jeff is at Jeff Winner. Jeff, Chris and I are registered representatives of four side fun services. Our discussion today was not tied to our sake of any investment products. Have a great week.