Welcome to a Behind the Market's podcast. I'm your host, Jeremy Schwartz, Global SIOism Tree. Alongside, Warren Findfrey Messier, Jeremy Seagull, who's also a senior economist for wisdom tree, we tackle the latest market trends every week. I'm also joined by my deep-rooted macro colleagues, Samu Rines and Chris Ganabi. Let's dive into this week's show. Welcome to Behind the Market's. We've got a good panel today, Professor Siegel, Jim Bianco, Bianco Research Samurines, Chris Ganabi. We're talking about Sam and Jim and I were just in Maine and we'll talk a little bit about what we talk about there, but Professor, the markets hit new highs, SNP, the hard to stop this train. I'm certain that we're still rocking. I had to do a double look. This week, L.C. sales report was week. Quite week. You really get messages on control as big as this and bottom and top line, with and without gas and all that. And as slight revision downward of the previous month, I'm not going to make too much over one observation. Some of the other higher frequency observations are not showing that. Among the weakness, yes, we've got a tiny tick-up of jobless cams. Yes, the ADP week weeks are little lower than before, but nothing that says there's a big fall off. I think let's keep our eyes on that. We will definitely get when they the GDPers put this in to their models. This will definitely reduce a third quarter GDP estimates. And we already have the Elanafette weigh in the five, which is ridiculous, that will come down. But we had Goldman Sachs at two and a half. I'm be interesting to see how much they move down as a result of this particular data point. The reason that it's everything's hitting all high is because oil is telling relative we low to despite no ostensible movement on the whole moves. In the low 80s, very low 80s, which I think the US certainly can deal with. And I think that the CPI and the PPI were basically good. If you look at the details of it for Goldman Sachs, at least they said that both when the CPI and the PPI came out this week, they lowered by a few bases points. The rest of the PCE deflator, which is, you know, comes out a very late in the month. And by the way, they mentioned that the crazy measurement with, called portfolio fees, because the stock market is going up. And I don't know how that influences it exactly, but they said that they expected the PCE overall to be up to 10s half of that is portfolio management fees, which is kind of crazy. So if you take that up, it's up one tenth that's their estimate for the month of July, which is certainly pretty good. I'm not saying anything is sold on that, but it's pretty good. Shelter was up a little more than expected, but you know, the long-term trends are good on that. I'll tell you what this is early, but you know, it's another notch of not moving in September. There's not a lot of things going on next week. You know, my feeling is what I'm waiting for is a worship speech at Jackson Hole, which I guess is two weeks away. It's usually the last few days of August. I, so I'm very interested in Jim's response to what I'm going to say, I was frankly disappointed in his new conference, pressur following the FOMC meeting. Um, three weeks ago, I, I, I, I understand and can sympathize with the position that you don't want Fed speak to pollute pure market forces. And that is defensible. We could argue it pro-work on definitely defensible that is his position. However, that in my does not release him from saying what does the Fed look after him to raise the rates? The these are not, and these are separate questions. Are you looking at futures? Are you looking at the 10 year, which of course embodies futures? Are you looking at some, what else are you looking at? Now, let me say that it was quite defensible not to move rates. And in fact, I probably would have come down on that side. But if I had been fed chair, I would have said that the five year, five year expectations have remained very stable. I said that, you know, it, it basically the oil, which, you know, one could see through on the long run and there was moderation and the other factors that we looked at, um, I mean, I could, I could, I could enumerate a number of criteria that that support the no move position. But he did nothing on those. It was pretty empty. And, and, and, and, and, at content wise, in my opinion, um, now, um, and I don't think the market liked it. They're willing to wait. But I don't think they liked it. We could see the result from what had happened. Now, um, is he going to reset that in his Jackson Hole speech before the all importance September FOMC meeting, um, which is one of the quarter we meetings with the set, uh, a projections or not. Um, uh, that that that that that is really something that that, that I am waiting for. Now, let me just end up before I get, we get Jim's reaction to this. Learnings are fantastic. There's there seems to be, you know, very little that, you know, I mean, I, I, this earnings quarters could be the most standout quarter in, in recent history. Um, don't forget it's second quarter with GDP up at one and a half percent and earnings up double digit and what 30 percent someone godly number beat by one standard deviation estimates. I mean, we just never seen it or I mean, it, except maybe coming out of severe recessions, you know, when you go from almost a no profit situation to profits again. But, you know, that is not what is going on. Uh, this is, this is a quite unique. It doesn't mean it's, you know, we talked about you guess last week. You know, out of the has to do with, you know, the margins of the, of the hyperscale, or is some of those margins you're overstated because they don't really capitalize, so I'll link to lecture property, which is one of the sources of their margin. But that's another topic. I mean, that is going well. The, the forward guidance is going well. We just don't hear a earnings finances going well. So, I mean, there, there's, there's nothing that's come out of the markets, the, the low, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the situational awareness low, which is something called the Leopold low. When he had a sell out, uh, his, uh, part of his hedge fund, uh, was actually a very positive event for the market because it rolled over without anyone else going under or any other stresses that were extreme in the market. And it was like a stress test. I thought for growth stocks and hyperscale was and everyone else and it came through it filing, flying colors and then as a result, you got a huge bank bounce back in growth. Now, I still think there's a rotation going away. You had a tremendous fall down. And now that's all bounce back, um, but nonetheless that, you know, that, that was a, um, uh, that was a kind of a defining moment I thought for those that said, there's way too much leverage built up in this market, at least, uh, temporarily. It doesn't mean it can happen in the future. That has been put to rest. Uh, but, uh, I'm interested in your thoughts about wash and and the Fed. God, thank you, Dr. Seigo. And I'll put it into three buckets. There is forward guidance, which is the Fed kind of telling you what they're going to do. There's the reaction function, which is the rules of the road. Uh, and then there's, you know, then there's the, the good family fight or the committee. So let me start with forward guidance. Wash has been against forward guidance. He did not submit a dot at his June meeting. And he refused to offer any kind of forward guidance at this meeting. Now, I'm going to agree with him on that part because the history of forward guidance has been that whenever he's the Fed says we're going to do this or we're going to do that. Uh, the market takes it as a promise. And then circumstances change. And then the markets in a difficult spot does it continue with a wrong policy because it promised that it was going to do something. Think, um, um, transitory inflation in 21 or does it up end market by saying, well, things have changed. Think the taper tantrum in 2013 and then 10 year yields 1 up 140 basis points in five months. So for every problem forward guidance offer fixes, it creates another one somewhere else. So I get getting rid of that's not a bad idea. Then there's the reaction function. That's the rules of the road. What are you looking at? What do you think constitutes a rate hike or what do you think constitutes a holder or a cut? You don't have to say you're going to do it. Just give us the rules and we'll follow along. He does always that. And he's been go for, uh, he doesn't want at least even give us that. He even got down to like what is your inflation measure that you look at? And he said, well, we got a task force and I'll get back to you. So we don't even know what inflation measure he's looking at. Now I can sympathize. He's got a task force. He wants to change the, he wants to change. So a couple of things, uh, he could give us reaction function now with the caveat, you know, maybe in January, it changes again once the task force comes back. But that's a problem. He does always at least his is reaction function. And then the third thing I'll offer is what he calls the good family fight. And what I've referred to it as 12 independent voters. Donald Trump has been attacking the Fed for years. The Fed has been worried about its independence. Meaning though we get a Fed chairman and or Fed officials that are appointed by the president that do his bidding. And so I think the committee has come down to the idea of how do we protect ourselves by being an independent board. And in the answer is, you know, we are 12 independent voters. And we could start, you know, assessing things independently and voting independently. And the reaction we've seen is we've had 10 to sense this year. The most in 20 years, we had three descents to raise rates at the last meeting, all in the same direction. That's the most descents in the same direction. Sometimes we get up too cited. You know, I want to raise, I want all the lower, I want to hold, uh, we get on what they refer to as two-sided. Uh, but we got a one cited one for the first time in 10 years. So even if Kevin Warsh offers us his reaction function, which I think he owes us, there's obviously at least three other different reaction functions among the three dissenters. Governor Lisa Cook gave a speech in for us and he's coast in the middle of the night in Anchorage, Alaska last week. And she said she stood ready to raise rates if necessary. That could potentially be another reaction function. And we could wind up with 12 different reaction functions among the entire committee. So we're going to have to wait and see how that shakes out. So there's a lot going on here. And I think that, um, at a minimum, I'll go back to the original one, the forward guidance. If you promise, well, we're not going to raise rates for the next, for the rest of the year, the, the fear is the market tends to get overly aggressive. Well, the feds that they're not going to raise rates. Uh, so the canvalley bank did not hedge. They were aggressive. Then, because the fed was saying inflation was transitory, then they started raising rates and they started raising rates aggressively. And with it a year, they were bankrupt and in an FDIC bailout. Now, of course, it's their fault. Their, their supposed to manage a bank. But the fed was telling inflation transitory, don't worry about rates. And then they did a 180. And that's what he kind of wants to get away from is forward guidance in and of itself is fine. But the market takes it as a promise. Well, first of all, I, I, I, here, and actually it sounds like we're in agreement very much. I, I said, I could understand no forward guidance. And that's very defensible. And, um, you know, the points against it are right. And, but as you said, he owes us, uh, what he is looking at. Because Powell did tell us what he was looking at. Um, I mean, everyone puts different weights on how important some of those things are, clearly. And that could be a source of disagreement. Well, that's the way I mean, it's a different reaction function. But it, you know, I guess it's a different weight. I, you know, on what it is. And he did not say. And obviously, if the bond markets are running away, I mean, there, there's a sign. Which, of course, if the bond market runs away, you will see futures really run also away. Um, you know, uh, and, and, and, and, and, you know, you know, he would say, you know, if we see bond traders, we begin to lose confidence in us. And the turf, turf stipends more than usual. That means we are likely to be keeping the Fed funds rate too low. Um, you know, I also look at the money supply. Which, by the way, has begun to tell off a little bit, I don't want to make too much of it. Last two weeks of actually been shrinkage of the deposit base, which has, uh, lessened a little bit of my concern on those inflationary pressures, but we will see. Um, I mean, that used to be back in, you know, 70s and 80s are very important, or way of, of looking at it. It is now supplemental as a way of looking at. But that's the whole thing. You always have that. Um, and of course, I, there's always been people who emphasize uh, different things about how, you know, what they think is important on inflation. I would agree with you 100%. But I think that that second one that he owes us is an important one that the market is is looking for and something that, as I said, I hope that he elaborates on during the Jackson, his Jackson Hole, um, presentation. Fortunately, I mean, if, if trends are on the soft side and inflation keeps down in oil, stays or lowers from now, that pressure is lower because I don't think you know, of of of being on that, uh, knife edge, uh, you know, to tell us what you're, you're going to do. But clearly there will be a time and um, the longer you, you know, the longer you wait the, the, the more, uh, I think uneasy the market might become. If I could jump in, I want to emphasize that he also said that the Fed is fully committed to its two percent inflation target. And then the questions were, is that core PCE is that the trim mean that the Dallas Fed does trim mean if you're not familiar with thinking figure skating. You throw out the high scores in a low scores. You average the once the middle is it headline PCE and his answer was, we have a task force for that and people throw their hands in there and go say you're committed to a 2% target. And you won't even tell us what the measure is that you're actually committed to getting to 2% and it, it came be kind of frustrating at times because we don't even know what measure he's looking at. Now, well, I suspect you'll tell us soon. He well, the current measure, which he might replace, but is the PCE defuator. I'm right, that's that that basically has been the one. Now, he, there's no rule. I mean, he could, when he gets all the first, well, nothing will be changed until next year. I think he's going to get all the reports in and they might recommend it and then he might recommend. I don't, I don't, he might then recommend sometime in March of next year. Maybe you're all your, but that the fed shift from PCE defuator. But that's the SCP, the SCP on inflation is PCE defuator and don't forget that was adopted because most economists do did and I still think, feel that that is the best, not a perfect, but the best inflation indicator. There are problems with the, you know, the CPI PCE defuator does geometric averaging and a number of other things that are considered to be more GDP and academically sound. Yeah, if you go back 30 years, the average PCE defuator is about 25 basis points below the CPI. So, if you target 2% on the PCE defuator, you are basically targeting 2 and a quarter on the CPI. Now, month to month, that change definitely varies, but that has been the long run difference and it can be explained by methodological, the factors. So, he could change that, of course, anyone can, but it's a choice of the fed. I don't know if he can change it, you know, I had to wait without a vote whether he would, but that I don't think would be coming until 2027 very honestly. I agree with you, that's what the measure is, but remember, he didn't submit a dot. So, he's even over. I don't forget, not giving forward guidance. It's not the same as saying, I don't want, I'm not giving you what criteria I look at to decide whether to raise or lower rates. I completely agree, and hopefully, like you said, in two weeks, he'll give his Jackson Hall speech, and that is the perfect venue to offer your rules of the road or the reaction function, and hopefully he can alleviate at least that problem there. Yes, she'll stable professor, thanks for staying out with some convoluted. Thank you, with Jim, and thank you, Jim. Thank you. Thank you. It's got a key. Jim, Sam, Chris, you know, Jim, Sam, and I were just all in Maine together at Kim Kootak, enjoyed some good fishing, some good food. Sam and, well, Jim, participate in a panel on sort of geopaletics, Jim, you want to share some of your takeaways from camp and what you heard? I heard a lot of talk about AI, and everybody seems to be all over the lot on AI. The biggest concern that is seem to be articulated is the massive amount of cap-back spending, and whether or not it is going to be able to be paid back, will AI generate enough revenue to pay back the numbers. The numbers are astounding. The two statistics I use, just so everybody gets an idea of this, Alphabet Google is going to spend $190 billion on their build-out of AI this year. That's more than Russia is going to spend on its war in Ukraine, and all the hyper-scalers, you know, the the meds and Amazon's and the rest of them are collectively going to spend a little over $1 trillion, and that's bigger than the defense department's budget, just this year. So we've never seen anything like this when it comes to cap-back spending by a handful of companies to be on that scale. So that was a big topic, and the answer is that I kind of saw was if somebody was very skeptical of the ability to pay this back, they didn't use AI very much. If somebody could see a path to paying back all of this capital expenditures and all this debt that they're borrowing, they're heavier users of AI. It's almost a one-to-one relationship. The other thing I heard a lot about was the Fed. It was what we were just talking about with Dr. Siegel about, you know, the forward guidance, the reaction function, you know, the independent voting that we've seen. And then the third one is Geopolitex. We talked about the deficit, the size of the deficit, the takeaway from that was the deficit's big. This was released by Tech to Wait. The deficit is big. The deficit is a problem. Everybody in Washington will admit that, and then do nothing about it. They'll just those save the words to get the points, but they won't actually go about the difficult task of how do we try to rein-inspending, how do we try to rein-in borrowing, and the like. And then finally we talked about geopolitics. And the big topic there that we discussed was war. Was the changing nature of war with drone warfare, with cheap, iterative warfare? The provocative takeaway was Russia is having a difficult, to Russia, one of the biggest militaries in the world is having a difficult time defeating your crane. The United States, the largest military in the world is despite President Trump's assurances is having a difficult time opening the straight of our moves to regular traffic. And the third arguably one of the other three largest militaries in the world, China, if they were to attack Taiwan, which has been talked about for years, might have a difficult time in doing that. And I'll point everybody to a new, excuse me, a new York Times article from two days ago, that talked about Taiwan's defense against just that thing, if China was to attack them, and their use of drones, and their potential that they might raise the cost so much that China will never do it. Leaving you with the idea that are we at a rare situation where the three largest militaries in the world have found everybody else's found something that they can go up against with them, because up until very recently, like last few years, no one would ever touch one of those militaries. Unless it was another one of those three largest militaries. But now they might actually have a path to doing exactly that. You made a comment on that panel about Taiwan, actually, with those drones, potentially being being the foresand. You do a lot of the geopolitical thoughts you weren't on that panel, but anything you would add to that conversation where you see the conflicts today. One of the things I found fairly interesting about, I believe it was about a month ago, was Rymetall having a very large order canceled for basically a destroyer type of vehicle. The reason that I found that interesting was it made a lot of sense, and to Jim's point, if you have this new type of warfare, and you want to think about the future properly, do you really want to destroyer a four, several billion dollars, or do you want a whole bunch of drones and drone interceptors for those billions of dollars? It kind of comes back to one of the things I would argue was flying under the radar, which is the largest militaries in the world, spent a whole bunch of money on very, very long legacy projects that may not have the payouts that they thought they would have. What that modern warfare is much different is much more cost-efficient on certain areas and in certain ways. The fact that Europe was so far behind in terms of defense spending might actually turn out to be a benefit to it in the long run because it's procurement in the wake of the Russia Ukraine conflict, it may actually be from the stuff that they actually need and not the large legacy projects. I do think of it somewhat similar to the Taiwan situation that Jim commented on. I do think this is a really important time and oddly it puts the underspenders of the early 21st century at a significant advantage and procurement for the remainder of the 21st century. You know what's interesting Sam? You also have been our main guy on tariffs. I think just yesterday we got some announcements that we're talking drones that we are going to try to have not seen every detail of this, but I think for certain imported drones read China's drones and DJI, I think, still like 70% of the US drones in the US. They want to tax like 100% in their importing some part to 25%. We got tariffs back are these in the last? I would separate the 301s that were put on from the drone tariffs that were put on. The drone tariffs make a lot of sense from a national security perspective. You probably don't want the majority of consumer drones flying around with cameras on them to be of Chinese origin that tends to be something that you can flag similar to the Huawei of the country. The sanctions and tariffs that we had not so long ago. I think that makes sense, but the 301 tariffs that were largely meant to replace the i-Epa tariffs that were shot down. Those are likely I would argue to be shot down as a soar tariffs back tariffs are going to be back as long as the a Trump administration can find a new section to use to put tariffs on. It's likely that we're going to continue to see them fought in court. It's likely that you're going to see them eventually be shot down. In the professor made a really interesting point that earnings were really ripping and you had places that analysts were caught a little off guard by. Part of that is that you're putting the i-Epa rebates back onto the books. You got the significant cash payments. Folks didn't have that and their earnings statements. It's going to be very interesting to see what some of these companies with very large tariff rebates do with them. So I would be watching out for some fun announcements on special dividends, raising dividends, some buybacks, etc. Because it would be irresponsible not to give that money back to shareholders. If you're not going to give them back to consumers and they're not going to give them back to consumers, they're going to give them back to shareholders. Well Chris, I'm going to come back to Jim on his views on the bond market. We've got to get that Jim. You're fight your overall thinking on and how you position in portfolios. Chris, any other things this week on in your tech world. We've got a few more earnings stories. We've got some big stories in these neoclouds which seems to be another endorsement that the as Jim was saying the AI trade. If you're using AI, you're more optimistic that's probably our biases. But you see, you know, there's part of the whole Leo Pol Bottom was a bunch of these big neoclouds and they ripped much higher and I think some of the teams look at that was that a big statement on the spending and the demand and it's in progress. But what were you watching this week? The main thing, Jim, I was watching over the last couple of weeks is we've been getting and a big transition year over year that happened is in the world of quantum computing which for long time listeners, then I follow this area. The companies used to be largely private. Now, a lot more of the companies are public and over the last few weeks, these companies have been announcing the earnings. Now, what's interesting at this stage of the journey is we know the fully fall tolerant quantum computer that can do whatever you want it to do. That has not been built yet. There are all the different companies that have their different road maps. Various points in time. I want to draw attention to a continuum because people may have seen suddenly, quantum youum is up 20% I'm one of the days earlier this week. It might have been Monday or Tuesday. Additionally, quantum youum noted you were sort of alluding to the cloud providers and Oracle and Oracle gets coverage in all the news all the time. Oracle partnering with quantum youum was in the news and you never know exactly why a stock is moving on a particular day. But it could be that people were excited to see number one the deal between quantum youum and Oracle to partner number two the fact that currently quantum youum is the only one of the curplae quantum providers that is with Oracle. So there's a bit of exclusivity. And then additionally, quantum youum is a great example of a company where people are wondering if the machine is in fully built yet what's going on at quantum youum now. What's going on now is they're selling some of these helios systems. The helios system is famous because it's got an incredible ratio of logical cubits to physical cubits basically a two to one type of ratio which is on herd of in the space. Now it's a precursor to what's expected to come in 2027 which is called their sole system. And then in 2029 they expect to have potentially their fault tolerant the first fault tolerant fully fault tolerant system from continuum being the Apollo system. So each of these companies as if people are looking at quantum today you want to get a sense of the journey you want to get a sense of the roadmap you want to get a sense of when they think and what they're telling the market when the system is going to be ready. And then of course as analysts and researchers what we have to do we have to continue to hold their feet to the fire and analyze and obviously prognostications are not guaranteed. So you never know if the system is coming in 2020 and I but it's important to have in mind if you're looking at quantum when does that company think the system is going to be fully ready. So we got a lot of information probably over the last two weeks for a number of companies but continuum was probably the big mover this week. Well the other one except you want to have another. I was going to say the other big news this week and as we start to think about you know portfolios and we'll get James taken again. But the same you as you manage some of your geopolitical models you you look at the sell-off in software earlier this year is like hey AI is going to kill all software companies. What what to move off the bottom of April in software from the lows yesterday work day with being discussed is silver-like private equity doing it take out pot 25% plus cloud stop for it which may have been left for dead. Basketball for up 5% yesterday how are you thinking about navigating that now like you were looking at being sort of oversold I guess as part of the story and maybe not all of them would be shot and killed forever but how do you think about navigating that with the real truth that AI is is enabling all sorts of new capabilities but will the software companies be put out of business or how you think about it. How do I think about it? We did add to some of the thematic models at the end of April on rebalance some fairly sizable stakes in software computing cloud computing etc. In part of the thesis there was yes AI is great at making software it is great at doing a lot of things another thing that is great at is making software that is already being used more usable. I have the unfortunate experience of having to use a certain CRM in the past and AI makes it actually call it usable. I mean you know certain sales based products are very difficult to use it's very difficult to dig the data that you put in there out of it. To me what AI is really really good at is making existing products that are embedded within organizations eat and better and if you do actually take the time as a company right not as the user of the software but as the producer of the software to put AI based capabilities into it you're probably going to do very well. The other major announcement that I do think deserves a little bit of attention in this discussion is that in thoractic announced that they were going to watermark things like hey this is you know this is created with AI. I would say that that creates a very interesting opportunity for certain creative base software companies to begin to say hey yeah this you know this is your image you created it this yes you used AI within software to help you design etc etc but not have a watermark and remain creative within that software. The differentiation between the human element and the AI element is going to be pretty important going forward here and I do think that creates a fairly interesting opportunity going forward in this space. Well dream let me come back to you you manage some indexes and or aim indexes be on controller turning index you sort of try to help people position your best thoughts on bondmark we license that index for you know the ETFWKBN how do you think about portfolios today like what are you thinking about the bond market. Yeah so I've been you know first of all I guess big picture is I've been railing against this belief that when it comes to interest rates down is always good for whatever reason and up is always bad for whatever reason and a lot of people share that view you know they're that set against seeing any kind of rate hike for any reason and I've said we said interest rates are a little bit more nuanced than that they're the cost of money and the most efficient thing for the economy is that you match the cost of money appropriately given your economic growth the amount of borrowing you're doing your inflation expectations and the like and to that end for the last couple of years I've been arguing that the economy on balance has been doing a little better than people think and we've kind of hinted around with talking about the second quarter earnings numbers I'll reiterate or emphasize with Dr. Segel said I don't think I've ever we've looked back to the 80s and we've never found an example where you were in the 50th year of an expansion and you had decent positive growth for many quarters and then you shot up to 30%. Usually when you get a 30% year over year earnings growth year is Dr. Segel said it's the year after a recession because you were negative a year earlier and that is the next that is a sign that you know at least corporate America is doing good Sam's right it might be some tariffs it might be some margins because of AI but it's still 30% and we're actually in a funny situation now where everybody's worried about if this stock market is a bubble because it keeps making new highs the valuations are actually going down because earnings are growing faster than the stock market is going up at least over the last year so the point is the economy's doing well by a lot of measures and I've argued that inflation is a little bit sticky so that fair value for interest rates is moving up and I've been arguing that interest rates should be drifting higher and the market will be fine with that where at all time highs with stocks we've got 30% earnings even though we've got the 30 year yield a well over 5% right now it doesn't seem to be a problem. I've gone further to argue that if the Fed where I've used this line an old line at dust it off that says bond traders can stop panicking when the Fed starts panicking meaning as Dr. Segel was talking if the Fed isn't going to address inflation isn't going to talk about it then maybe the bond market needs to do it and that's a fancy way of saying it will drive rates up higher what's the problem with that the bond market has tendencies to overshoot you want it to get rid of inflation hold its bear it will get rid of inflation and probably a lot of other things as well and you don't want the bond market to do it the reason that would be is everybody in the bond market would say the Fed's not going to do anything about inflation if no one else is going to do anything about everybody will sell and you'll get a massive overreaction so I've been defensive on the bond market for years but now that we're above 5% we're in the high fall on the 30 year in the in the 4's high 4's in the 10 year in the last month or two we've moved to more of a neutral stance on interest rates and if the Fed were to raise rates at the September or October meeting then there's a little bit of panic from the Fed bond investors can stop panicking we might move long duration for the first time in years on the other side I am a big believer in the AI story and I am a believer that the cap X spending is justified I understand it's huge I understand it's risky and it makes those stocks volatile and we're making a play on that in our own way in the bond market and that is our positioning in corporate bonds and in mortgage bonds is fairly neutral so what I just described was a positioning of neutral and duration neutral and corporates neutral on mortgages sounds like we're running an index fund but we actually have an out of index positioning in convertible bonds and it's a small position but a lot of the convertible bonds are tied up in the AI trade and it moves up and down with the AI trade it's been working again it worked in the spring didn't work you know until the leopold bottom but since the leopold bottom it's been working again and I still would argue to you that if you were to look at all the sectors in the bond market I think for right now the most attractive a sector is convertible bond market and it is a volatile sector it's up more than 20% year to date so it is really more than the S&P 500 it is really been screaming ahead right now and I think that that play is going to continue and as large you're going to be on the back of the AI trade. Very interesting. You mentioned that you think the market can continue even with rates higher one of the things we've debated is like what is there a level that that does not become true and I mean you think the tenure as the threshold tenure above five does that give equities more hearty it's getting close the way I like to explain it is if you go with what a statistic called nominal GDP that is real growth plus inflation now you're also looking at what you expect real growth and inflation to be and that's not measurable that's a gas that's an estimate by Wall Street if your real growth or nominal GDP to yeah there is in the five to six range and that's largely if you ask economists what do they think the economy will grow on a nominal basis over the next year somewhere between five and six percent three ish or so inflation two to three ish or so real growth then your interest rate should be somewhere around five or six why because a five or six nominal growth means the average investment in the economy is going to return you five or six if you just randomly pick something so you'd want that average investment to break even an interest rate of around five or six if the interest rate was one in that environment then you could go out and look for an investment that return you two three or four percent below average and they'll still work and that would lower the growth rate of the economy because in a creative destruction some during kind of economy you'd want those investments to be punished because they're not doing as well but if your interest rates were seven or eight just to use an extreme example then even the average investment is punished because it costs too much to finance it so that's why I think interest rates would move up now you're right I would argue best guess that if the 10 year yield was just start to get solidly into the five and a half percent range it's four sixty five four seventy now that that you start getting at the point where you'd start to worry but if it were to start moving up towards five right at the moment I don't think that that would be particularly so worry some now all last well answer one more question real quick people screaming what about the housing market what about higher mortgages and the like the problem with the more with the housing market is according the actual association realtor's the average home price right now in the United States at least in June it was was four hundred forty thousand dollars and all time high we scream about affordability in the housing market and we hear the slime wealth the fedward of cut rates mortgage rates would come down actually I think the fedward of cut rates interest rates would go up remember you got a panic a little bit about inflation a little bit and then I can stop panicking but even still if mortgage rates went down people would just add more to the selling prices their home in your monthly payment would be the same I think that if you want to fix the housing market you need more supply but then that runs into the dilemma that you could depress prices so the problem with the housing market is that there's two different groups there's a hundred eighty million homeowners and they want to see their price go up and there's a hundred forty million renters in the United States and they want to see the price go down so they can afford a home and they're always in conflict with each other you heard this earlier this year president Trump saying we're going to build houses we're going to bring that we're going to build houses we're going to make it affordable so anybody can move into any neighborhood they want because there's going to be good decent affordable housing and then he stopped himself for two seconds he said but your house your house is going to go down a price and like well how to both be true at the same time my house is going to go up in price but you're going to build a cheaper house next door to me and that's not going to go up in price either that's going to stay cheap you know so that's the dilemma that we face with housing is that there's two big groups owners and renters and they want one wants prices up the other ones prices down and that's why the housing market's always in conflict the fact that the matter is home prices are in all time high and I think if mortgage rates went down sellers would just raise their prices and your average monthly payment would be the same as it is now what never leave you at that affordability problem you know one one quick topic we haven't talked about it all also big in the news is just the global market and what you see happening around the world I think one more interesting thing is happening is in the yen and what's going on with the interventions from the the US and Japan and where the yen is floating around on yields like their yields have been moving higher off of certainly not zero anymore but any commentary on the yen carry trades what we're seeing on bank Japan and just their deal of our global bond market from from the from things moving higher yeah so central banks around the world have been raising interest rates the bank of Japan has raised them five times they're probably going to raise it six time then you're also seeing you've also seen the ECB raise rates you've seen the bank of Australia raise rates the bank of England has been making noise about raising rates you know so why this why is this happening there is higher inflation around the world as I like to joke it's not eight tens and body levels of inflation but the world of sub two percent inflation is no world of about three or so inflation and that's why interest rates have been going up for the first time in our careers and it's some people listening maybe their lifetime Japan actually has an inflation rate above zero it was 3.4% their core inflation rate just a year ago that would have been a 50 year high 3% inflation that's because that's a low inflation has been in Japan it is around 2% right now and that has caused a lot of stress in their currency it's been very weak and they've been talking about intervening in the currency market now that's a fancy way of saying the the Japanese the banks Japan are the largest foreign owner of US treasuries so if they were going to intervene and start port their currency they were going to sell US treasuries and they were going to buy yen with it but sell US treasuries and being that they own well over trillion dollars worth could spook the bond market and drive our yields up president trump Scott basins the treasury secretary don't want our yields to go up so first time in 30 years the treasury secretary said don't sell your treasuries will do it for you will intervene in the market and will try to support your currency and we did that and it worked for a moment but the problem with intervention is two things if the market is trying to put them price on the yen to the dollar the end to the euro and what it thinks is the fundamental rate and you go in through intervention and force it to a rate it doesn't think it's correct the minute you stop intervening it'll float back to that old rate and we're starting to see that happen because we're not being the US treasuries are not constantly intervening in that market and we'd have to to support it otherwise their fundamentals are going to have to change and maybe it is that the bank of Japan has to continually aggressively raise rates they have to get their interest rates to go higher to for people to say you know there's more inflation in Japan but there's a higher interest rate that that compensates for that so I'm willing to hold Japanese government bonds yeah otherwise if there's inflation to Japan and their rates in their Japanese 10 year yield is still less than 2% maybe I'll still stick with the US treasuries at 4.7 so as they raise rates they're hoping to to keep people to not sell you know their their currency and so it is a they're at a they're at a difficult spot right now I understand why we're there and it all comes back to for the first time in decades the world has inflation it's not rampant runaway inflation but it's a real palatable inflation rate of around 2 to 3% something we haven't seen maybe since the 80s globally we're seeing central banks involve it globally and currency markets are adjusting to it as well and we'd some don't like it like the Japanese and the band-aid approach of intervention is just that a band-aid approach it's not going to fix it forever it just fixed it for a while well you think about their bond market getting more competitive and what is the pressure that could put on equities it certainly is not pressured the neekake if you look at the last year you know the SB's up like 20% the neekake's up 60% even with rates moving higher you know now so I we've been big fans of Japan for a decade but I could do to say like the equity pre-anage of Japan is probably twice the equity pre-anime in the US still after these big move hires it was so discounted and and and how much is foreigners how much is the locals kind of interesting question but Japan is holding in there and quite interesting but this currency move is always interesting. Sam any comment you want to make on that? I think Jim did a good job. You know if I if I can make a quick comment it's back to what I said about interest rates the combination of their inflation rate and their growth rate means that their natural cost of money is moving off in Japan their interest rates are moving up in Japan it's appropriate and their stock market isn't bothered by it it's when you start seeing those rates move abnormally high and potentially be restrictive that it'll run into trouble but right now those rates are not problematic and that's why I think they continue to kind of drift a little bit higher at least in Japan. And the only the only piece that I would add to the conversation is that tariffs in the threat of tariffs have had somewhat of a dampening effect in terms of significant exposures for you know Japanese exporters repatriating their dollars in T.F. if you decide that you need to build a new factory to build Tacomas in Texas you're not going to take the $1 and put them back in yet and you're going to take dollars and put it into the ground for the factory. So I do think that has had somewhat of a dampening effect in terms of corporate flows you could see that begin to change over time. Well on a fun note as we wrap up the conversation you guys we have been Cam Cotoc how is your fishing jam I feel like my in Sam's fishing we call us fish then we normally do this year. I'd say it was an average year but if you remember on Saturday it rained and they say that you're supposed to catch a lot of fish in the rain and we sat in a canoe for two and a half hours getting soaked and caught one fish so it was a complete bust on that day. Who isn't truly in the morning and we did I think have a better segment but we never really found ourselves in a perch hole that we usually do and there was not a big bucket of fish then like when we spoke out of Kotaka one year with all the that we yeah. Yeah. No I would say the most exciting part of the fishing and trying to catch something was trying to catch a plane for us. Oh God the travels yeah I just have been insane I ended up driving eight hours home after sitting at the airport for never-vowers not knowing if I was going to plane back before Thursday and well had a lot of time to think on my way home and process everything that we talked about. Yeah and Jim and I Jim and I got to spend two and a half hours in the car riding together to catch a plane out of Portland main. The choice of travel but we had a good time and if you have a chance to get to Kim Kotaka it's definitely a great great group pre-adversation glad I mentioned there eight years ago nine years ago and that we are working to go Jim on some ways on your index so thanks guys. Likewise thanks for joining and have a great summer weekend. Thanks for listening please subscribe and leave us a rating to help others find the show. You can follow and get to the Sun Twitter. I am at Jeremy D Schwartz. Sam is at Samuel Rines. Chris and I are registered representatives of four-side fun services or discussion today was not tied to offer sale any investment products. Have a great week.