Welcome to Behind the Market's podcast. I'm your host, Jeremy Schwartz, Global SIOism Shriek. Alongside, Warren Find Professor Jeremy Seagull, who is also a senior economist for wisdom trick, we tackle the latest market trends every week. I'm also joined by my deep-rooted macro colleagues, Samuirrines, Jeff Winnerger, and Chris and Adi. Let's dive into this week's show. Welcome to a summer edition of Behind the Market's here. I'm sitting in Las Vegas, getting a little summer vacation time, but we're going to have Professor Seagull, calling a little bit later on the program. But Chris, we kick off with you when you think about what all the headlines drive in the market's and see their conflict back on in the Middle East or something with tech. Those are the two big stories. We did have some tensions slaring up again in Iran and a few more attacks going on there. But for your focus on the tech world, what was the big stories for you this week? Well, I think today we're going to see a bit of history in the sense that it may be the biggest, because I think it's a case where all of the Obama years ago raised something like $25 billion in one of those American depository receipt situations. I think today a lot of the headlines as people are waking up and getting their day started Friday the 10th year. They're probably seeing some version of the SK-Hionics ADR, which is going to trade on the NASDAQ for the first time today. Seven times over subscribe, something like 26, so slightly edging out the, the Ali Baba issuance and sort of continuing the importance there's not just, of course, that one instance, it's it's partly telling us there's significant ongoing appetite for memory, at least in some sense. I know earlier this week, we heard that Micromus sort of upping their investment plans, which which I certainly wasn't, I didn't know it was going to happen, but at the same time, you can't sit here and logically say you're surprised and made every week, we come together and we say, you know, we don't have enough memory. We're not going to have enough memory until like 2028 based on all the projections. They were already going to spend, I think, $200 billion over a certain number of years to build a campus in upstate New York. So the fact that they're now spending $250 billion that to me, it's not necessarily surprising, but it's sort of the overall indication of these, these companies A are making a lot of money and continuing to do. So I think earlier earlier this week, it's funny how in the summer, it can be Monday, so it's technically five days ago, but it could feel like forever ago because so many things happened, but I think Sam's son was getting attention. I think their net profit was like 19 times higher than it had been last year for the same period of time. It's a bit weird in the sense that the earnings season hasn't really kicked off and we're only 10 days now into the into the new quarter. So it's sort of one of those clear indications of a slightly different quarterly cadence and schedule, but at the same time earlier this week, the memory stocks were going down. Later in the week, they were sort of recovering. I think the rule for the second half of the year is certainly going to be volatility, but that volatility is not telling us that we're demanding less memory. I don't even think you can buy memory. If you're sitting there as an entrepreneur of some sort saying, I want high bandwidth memory, I want dynamic random access memory, whatever it might be. I don't even think you can get an allocation unless you have connections and you're really lucky because the demand is quite strong. The backlogs are all there. It's more a statement on the markets perception of how long this is going to last. I'll close Jeremy, the opening statement here with a stat that we were passing around yesterday teams that it was indicated in some quarters that the hyperscalers might spend something like 1.5 trillion next year. So I think this year it's between 700 and 750 billion. So that's the single year spending on all the various things. Mostly around building AI data centers. So part of that's memory, part of that's the Nvidia chips, part of that's the cooling from companies like Vertive, part of that's the turbines and the power from companies like GE, Vernova. So the 750 billion roughly speaking is the estimate for say 2026 roughly. And then I started seeing for the first time this week, the idea of that next year it might be 1.5 trillion. That's a single year of spending. It's pretty wild and it makes you think as an investor again. It doesn't take the volatility away, but you sit there and think, wow, if this is really the state of clay, how do you not just back up the truck and just continue to focus on all the various bottlenecks that go around building these massive AI data centers? It seems like it was definitely the big story that shows you. Now it's one of the most more fascinating stocks that in Hydroxismage and ADR. It's definitely well off its highs in Korean terms. It's down like 100,000 points from 3.78 to 78. But it's like a five times less than five times earnings after that in my team times increase in earnings. So it's a real question of how sustainable will there be this glut of memory because everybody strives trying to turn it on. Now it's not so easy to do as we're finding out, but it's fascinating to hear that maybe doubling of the spend next year. And so it seems like you're saying that these things are going to be supported. Jeff, let me make an old good comment on what Chris said on earnings season is we're starting to look at an earnings path tool. You know, we got a 4% reported so far. The quarterly earnings growth, I'm showing expected on our tool. Basically, doubling from last year. So last year, if you need a Q2, earnings last year, you had about a little bit under 12% growth, I'm showing 24% on what's 23.9 is what's expected after first quarter was 29%. So 29% for Q1 was way more than doubles is less than 13% Q1 of last year. So you just see the earnings, you know, when people talk about the market being expensive, you're definitely seeing at least well supported in the tech sector. But even next tech, I think, you know, going beyond that, you're also seeing any celebration in earnings growth as well. I think one of the things supporting things like the Russell 2000, the S&P 600 small caps, has been better growth. We'll see as we go throughout earnings season, we'll keep people up to date on if we're trending high, or lower than it's initial 24% that we're currently expecting at the start of the season. And it's basically for the S&P tech leading the way 65% is the growth there. But materials 36 energy's high, rebounding from some lows, even utilities 15 almost. So you got some big, big earnings for coming expected in the season. Well, I have a site from, you know, the the fundamentals of the high presculers themselves, so the memory names themselves, one of the things that we should always consider guys, and I'm trying to think of what the number is. But if it's 800 bill, well, on the on the build out is 800 million this year, or is it a trillion, what if the number is? Isn't the the general whisper that that single handedly that quantity being spent? Single handedly boosted GDP by x percent this year. It's something like 0.3% just from the AI cap x build out. And it's now something to several percentage points of aggregate GDP in this country. We just think about all of commerce together. And then the AI cap x build out is like two or three percent of it. Just in any given year. Now, when canadi said 1.5, that was the first side heard of that. So that's a doubling doubling next year, basically Chris. Yeah, I'd seen it was, you know, how parents throughout the course of the day, I'll probably throw up the 40 or 50 articles and one of them was quoting somebody that we follow in the chip space at Bank of America and sort of as part of the article. It was because the whole game here, we're going to get a bit more information in a few weeks because the way to think of this is every 90 days, the big companies come out. They talk about, they all have their club business. So they basically say year over year, here's where our club business does and that boosts the stocks. And the other thing that everybody will write 15 different headlines on per firm will be the cap, the cap x boundary like they tend to say like I think Amazon said something like 200 to 225 billion. Like they all have their range and there's a bit of game theory in the sense that whoever reports first, like puts their range up on the board and then it would be weird if the other guys didn't slightly move their range to seem just a little bit higher, at least that's where the pattern has been. So in a few weeks, we're going to see if that 1.5, which this year, the 758, 100 evidence of being at still an estimate we're only halfway through the year. We don't know the final figure next year, 1.5 trillion. It's an estimate. It's a prognostication. We seem to be on a reasonable path towards that. But again, you don't know for sure that that's going to play out. But I agree with you. It was the first time I had seen in writing in any source 1.5 trillion. Well, in the prior numbers with the 2026 estimates and what we're going to do in 2070, it seemed that we joked on various pods, various pieces of media that the number goes up 50 or 100 billion dollars every time you've recheck the number, remember, it's going to be 6 hundred billion. That was 700 billion. Somebody's saying it's really, and who was that somebody, you know, it's one of the major players. But if you think about where my mind goes, people's exposure, they're in broad market trackers. They've got a big diversified portfolio. Most of what's moving the needle for them is whether or not the system is intact or in a state of retrenchment. Think about the forgotten recession of 2022. I mean, Jeremy back then in 2022, this was a big nerd out talking point for you for me, for everyone else were we in a recession with the two consecutive quarters and then they revised the quarter and the reality was that the economy was in a funk in 2022. There was that period there where it was, if it wasn't a recession, it sure felt like one in the data was coming in that way. And I say that because if it comes in at 1.5 trillion, like Gnadi is saying he was seeing, come across, it's really very difficult, I think, you know, whether or not it's good for the corporations, whether they're lady money on fires, it's own question, of which I don't have the answer, but in terms of 2027, US GDP growth guys. Well, that was the bill for the companies as an investment, more important is that question of are they getting ROI on the spend or not? Like the GDP is, you know, as the base headline for the economy, but for, you know, what you saw this year is the max seven rotation from their spending money on this, this capax and it's not fully getting rewarded and it's who's getting rewarded is the companies that were spending money on is memory names. The video has not been really participating as much as these, these memory units are just on fire. Now, interesting, one of our colleagues Mike Friedman posted a long post on X about what he thinks is the benchmark stock to watch, which is Oracle. So S&P cut Oracle's bonds to BBB minus triple B minus stable. So one much above junk so you can read his long post over on Twitter, but you know, it's really like is it's balance sheet deteriorating or is this something that is just, you know, something you could bet on against really the state of AI and the trajectory of the demand and is that monetization going to be real because if a monetization is real then you would say Oracle is a potential fantastic stock, but if it doesn't really monetize, then, you know, the credit quality is an issue of zero, leverage the balance sheet to build all these. Platforming now the other interesting news, you know, we've been talking meta as one of the premier value stocks. It's been, you know, selling the lowest price of the Meg 7 mid-team upper mid-team's PE, but they came out with the news and Mark put it on and not on threads, a big announcement, we put it on X, which was hilarious because, you know, you got his own little social platform, but did a long thread on the state of their AI models, but basically saying they could use their AI compute for all their own uses, but there's so much demand that the prices that they're getting for their compute is so high that they would be insane not to turn it on for people to get access to it because there's so much demand for the computing infrastructure that they have. So that's just a fascinating dynamic, but also the intermediate progress on their models and trying to bring down the cost of accessing AI systems is also updates from growth on their updates. So the models keep progressing as consumers of those models, we're all going to benefit from this competition. We want competition to that air costs go down, you know, the token cost is going to be a key thing, I'll pump it in need to manage and Chris, anything you see on that that was interesting. Yeah, I mean, it's fascinating how you see the continued divergence where you've got an thoropic getting seemingly farther and farther ahead down this path towards potentially going into the public markets and we'll see how that story continues to evolve, but, you know, sort of the one of the stories of the summer seems to be open AI sort of delaying a bit or putting their foot off the gas pedal as it relates to be coming a public company, at least potentially where I was in Thropic continues to push ahead. I think the most recent annual run rate revenue for Anthropic is getting towards like the 60 billion range, like if I was reading that correctly, which is just absolutely bonkers because I think last year at this time it was certainly below 10. And so Jeremy, you're exactly right in the sense that the reason that's happening is it feels like year over year, the world went from, yeah, you have to try these models, experiment, use it, it costs 20 a month or in some cases 200 a month, whatever, whatever, and then they went to usage based pricing and then all of a sudden it was like, oh crap, it costs 20,000 a month now because again, like it used to use an op-a usage race pricing. Now this year it is used to space pricing and here you go, you're off to the races. Now, every employee needs to think about that, every company needs to think about that. We've seen all the headlines, but of course the other side of it is if they're looking to support a trillion plus valuation, I was seeing headlines out there that were indicating there are credible people who think Anthropic will be the first $6 trillion market cap public company, which is insane because you look, as we've been saying on this podcast, multiple weeks in a row, our favorite values stock quote unquote in video, you know, you think that the first step to $6 trillion is you achieve $5 trillion and it's the central company powering basically all of this and has been powering all of this the entire time through, but for people, credible people in the space to be indicating, no, no, it's going to be Anthropic, which I think at their most recent races, like $965 billion, which I think is even ahead of the open AI, which technically might have done even a down-round. It's flabbergasting to see, you know, and to recognize how rare it is that opening AI the leader, you think back to November of 2020, before November of 2022, none of this was even a discussion. Like everything we've talked about so far, didn't even exist. November of 2022, chat, chat, UBT comes out, first mover advantage, they seem to have solved around, you know, 800 to 900 million monthly or weekly active users and and Thropic played the game in the enterprise and man, what an incredible decision. I mean, history is going to write that down and say, they got that call exactly right and open AI focusing on retail so far. It's with them like they made that call exactly exactly wrong for the strategic sense. What's all interesting and I think Pete, you know, people are pointing out in a video change. They're segment reporting because the hyper-scaler's headspend is is getting maybe towards peaking. Now you said they're going to double next year, so maybe not quite peaking yet, but but the growth rate may be discercerating from how much it had been growing, but you know, the next wave of the spending on the video chip seems to be like when will be the chat, GBT moment, the chat, GBT moment, sort of reignited the tech sector for the last four years. So me, it's not even been four years, but is the next wave for the video, what we call physical AI, the humanoids, the drones, robotics that you're starting to see and is there was some discussion I saw, is that being overhyped or is it properly hyped? Like there we get into that moment where every what you see on the demos, some of it, if you look at the you know, China is leading the the humanoid shipment, some of it you could say is terrifying. We see some of these videos, but as you know, it's definitely being used in drone warfare in the Middle East and in Ukraine, and these are important defense spending, so there's no overlap there, but then eventually we often say a defense tech super cycle that you get spending and defense, but as consumers will benefit from all of that, and so it might be used in defense tech first, but then we'll have some application, but it's going to be interesting to watch. Do you think we've made that chat GBT moment yet for physical AI? Well, I think the the first thing is the the chat GBT moment, if we if we go back into fine exactly what happened there, I think that was a moment where in two months and this is absolutely absurd. You go from a product that didn't exist and then day one it might have been like thanksgiving or right after Thanksgiving in 2022 and two months later, 100 million people are using the product in some way shape or form on a regular basis. And you kind of think like the reason that happens is we're all carrying around you know these mini super computers in the pocket and you could just immediately within 30 seconds at that time. The internet's obviously even faster today, so you basically say I'm going to download the app and I'm going to start using it. Boom, can you actually buy a drone, let's say, in 30 seconds, maybe you can click some buttons, but obviously somebody's got a ship then you kind of have to figure out how to use it and you know, it doesn't just immediately come out of the box necessarily fully assembled and all like so the physical world, I don't think can ever move quite as fast as chat GBT, but essentially I think the game on the field now with physical AI in the US market and we focus on this a lot of wisdom tree is not necessarily who's making the most robots because that's an easy answer. China makes the most robots. China if you basically do it on a volume basis, complex electronic products, I think for the foreseeable future, China's going to be leading on the volume basis. The US currently is making some incredible prototype products and products that are starting runs where the companies, the name of the game is not necessarily can they make a robot. I think many of them can, many of them are showing incredible videos, many of them are showing an ability to start scaling up the production, but the the name of the game seems to be we need to get closer to the capability that China has, meaning we need to be able, maybe we won't make millions as China's making, but maybe we can start to make tens of thousands or something like that. So you're you're thinking then of the full supply chain, whether it's the rare earth, the metals and magnets that that's an important component, you want to source those if you can from inside the US as opposed to the global supply chain, which always for the most spark goes through China, you're then thinking the drone companies, you're thinking of the humanoid companies frequently in the US where you have a lot of is companies that can operate on the cutting edge do amazing things, maybe you wouldn't need as many US robots because they are in many cases more capable, more intelligent, they can learn new skills faster, but you need to be able to prove that you can start to really scale up significantly production. In some cases, Jeremy, as you're saying for defense purposes and in other cases, all these consumer applications, I did see a video yesterday, which is not really a defense. I think in China, they had some flooding and there's this concept of you can use certain kinds of drones to help rescue people from flooding. What are my favorite drone applications? I don't know if I've talked about it on this podcast. It's the idea of drone as first responder because there's a lot of regulatory red tape, like I'm sitting in Charlotte, North Carolina, I'm not seeing drones just flying around the air all the time. I think there's a lot of FAA restriction in terms of what you can actually do and fly. You can't just do whatever you want with drones in any town in the US, but when you think of first responder, this is police, an ambulance, and fire. If anyone's going to get the approval, it's going to be these guys. If you can get onto the scene of an emergency type condition, whether it's a flood or something else, and you can get eyes on what's going on so that you can better deploy your resources faster. I think that's always a good thing. You think of how many municipal departments exist, say, just around the United States. If you can have high quality drones in every municipal department in the United States, because you think through, and it's like it would never be a bad idea to get eyes on and to be able to respond more quickly to most situations, and so the drone is first responder. It doesn't get talked about as much, because of course we have Ukraine and Iran and the military side, but I personally think drone is first responder. It could be one of those use cases where if it really catches fire, and the US has a good supply chain of reasonably priced drones, that could be what takes it from this sort of hobbyist type thing to with the mainstream. Jeff, you've been doing a lot of charts on your different platforms. What are your, your fear? What you had a regional bait focused on on rates? What's what's been on your mind? Yeah, we're always putting together the macro charts. Okay, we'll look at you and go down the original bank path here. I mean, look, it had been for many years. It seemed, and for many years, I basically mean everything up till COVID. Regional banks were held as a broad market, and there had been a tight correlation with interest rates. Right, interest rates were declining. Regional banks were generally underperforming during that period of time. And then when you got to the bear market in bonds, I mean, we talked about bear markets here. First instinct is to talk about sight and another bear market in bonds, which is from 2020 to 2023. And the initial reaction to that as the bear market in bonds was in its early stages was to rally regional banks relevant to the market because of higher rates tended to be something that they liked. Until rates were rising, quote, unquote, too much. There was too much. There were tons of losses on the balance sheets of many of these financial institutions with losses on the long bond. And remember how bad TLT just got absolutely smacked around during that. And the next thing, you know, SVB and signature are going under. And ever since, regional banks have been just chopping sideways, ropes of the market, they're not really outperforming. They're not really underperforming. They're just there. Which isn't a bad situation to be equally performing a market that is in a bull market. That's used of pretty good situation. But now it's almost a situation where, and I want to give this as a pervise, I was the extent that you're rolling off some of that old paper because we're going back to a mini crisis of three years ago. But now it almost appears that falling rates could be something that ended helping the regionals. So one of the things I was putting forth on eggs and on on LinkedIn was this concept of, if you're out there with a thesis where by the bond market rallies, and I get it's hard for me to get a gauge of how what percentage of sears are bond bulls. I don't know, maybe you guys have a better finger on the bulls. But it feels to me like there's not a lot of bond bulls. But if you are bullish on bonds, maybe the way to play it is these racial. So we'll see how that ends up shaking out when you look inside the bowels of the market. The regional banks tend to be mid value, tend to be small value. So to the extent that they do catch little rallies, situation where the 10-year-teen note goes from like what is a 4.55 get it down a four-and-a-quarter or four or something like that. And those catch a bid, that would tend to help your small value fund. It is a smattering of all these players in mid-value funds and so on. So we got the professor signed in, Professor Welcome. There he is. Be eager. Behind the markets from the bottom half of the show here. But how are you? We give a big rundown of all the things happening in tech world. This is where you're kicking out with Chris. But it's sort of a suburb Friday. How are you feeling here going into the weekend? Well, I think I guess almost all the major averages, maybe the NASEC a little further down. Like with win one percent of all time high, which is pretty amazing. What is most amazing is that hostilities can begin again and oil stays in the low 70s. I mean, if we're going to summarize that everything about oil really was a surprise on the downside in terms of it. And there's many reasons for that. And that have to do with reserves, cutback, and demand, alternative sources that have gone around, or moves, etc. and so on. But I would say if you would say that fighting what's continued with no thing like that, you would say, oh, God, it's in the 90s at least. And it's in the low 70s. It's quite amazing. The same time, cracks spreads are at record levels, which is the, and then the cracks spread is the difference between the costs of the refined products and oil. So even though oil, it's thick, we mustn't. We actually have had a rise in, for instance, wholesale gasoline prices of a 15 or 20 cents. So unfortunately, as far as the consumer is concerned, this is an interruption of the big decline of those gas owing prices. How to get that cracks spread down the disruptions that have taken place. So we've talked about in Russia and elsewhere to normalize. So it's because at 70, oh, even at 72, 73, oil, we should be much lower down on gas wholeness and all of them. And diesel and gasoline, jet fuel and all of them. And that's a whole story that's on top of the other. Another way, you know, you saw, again, we were having great rotation to the non-text stocks or the rail you as soon as this, you know, the, the ceasefire broke down. We saw a big reversal that may have played it out over the last couple of days. The market technically seems strong. No deterioration in any of the real data that we see both the Fed and the Fed, or reserve saying Lewis, as well as Goldman Sachs and others, our, our almost converged at two to two and a half for the second quarter GDP, which is okay. You know, not super great, but certainly okay given the shock of when you what happened in the second quarter, we'll see how that third quarter, you know, basically, basically falls out. Well, you have the CPI next Tuesday. It's apt to be a negative headline number on the headline CPI. Not so on the core because of the drop in gas wholeness and that drop will also be effective. And if the gas wholeness arrives from here, we'll still in August get a drop for July because of the timing, but then things will move in the other direction. We should also, I'm very impressed with the Kevin Worsh's, the, the, the men, I don't know if there's any women that we're chosen, but the people that we're chosen for the head of his committees are a really good group. I know many of them will see what they recommend in what sort of change. I don't expect any really changes as he said until we're away next year. Recommendations by the end of the year, discussion early next year by the Fed and then changes in the list. So we're going to have status quo for six months in terms of basically the reporting and, and, and, and, and all, and all the rest. You know, what, you know, seems to me that the 10, the 10 year is comfortable in the, the 450 area and, you know, bounces up and down if we get another ceasefire or that that will move down and, if there's worse situation and move it up, but it's, it seems to be relatively comfortable in that area. I think an important, very, about it looks at is whether the missiles that Iran is, is doing more damage to the day US bases or the oil infrastructure. That would be more serious on the oil side. And, and have we degraded them enough so that they're not capable of quite the destruction that we did see in the first, uh, surround of going. Now, that's something to definitely have to worry on. But the stocks holding up in this situation, money supply by the way, on deposits is still growing in a healthy rate, um, and not a real inflationary rate, but above what I would say long term, which means credit is relatively easy, uh, and it's there, um, and, you know, consumers still, uh, the consumers still, uh, spending. So, um, we'll see what the, the data shows next week and what happens on the war in oil, but at this particular, not a lot of, you know, outside of that, uh, the breakdown of the ceasefire, which is significant and the, uh, not really too much news one way or the other one. Well, we'll start kicking off Ernie season as well, which also looks to be a big number. The year of a year growth looks to be almost 24 percent highly. It's unbelievable. Yeah, and once you're coming on that, this is an I come into down this, I've, I have never seen earnings growth as strong, uh, not coming out of a recession. Uh, this is unprecedented because of the boom that we've seen in the AI spending. It's way above, and it's because margins have expanded. Not GDP, though, no, it's not consumer spending going up. Yeah, it's all because of the heightened margins that, uh, that, that we see. And, um, uh, one other thing I think we should talk about as far as that's concerned. It was a very interesting study of Goldman Sachs that said that the rise of memory chips, the rise in, um, uh, memory prices, um, is going to impact the course, uh, personal consumption expenditure deflator by, uh, maybe 50 basis points year over year by year and a much lower in the consumer price index. They say that the computer section is way over, over weighted in that, uh, PCE, but it is, and we're going to see enough fact. And that will keep that PCE from going down, which to me, uh, and that's just big deterioration. Again, I mean, it's no going down. People said that. If oil stays in the 70s and crack spreads, begin to go down in oil and, and gasoline doesn't go up. I don't see any raises. So I almost see status quo on the short rate, uh, by those two forces, but unfortunately, um, the memory ship thing can add 50 basis points to year over year. That is, internationally, will not add as much. It also will only add 10 basis points to the CPI, but uh, 50 basis points to PCE core, which is, of course, the prime, um, indicator that the, uh, the Fed is now using. Are they aware of that? Should they be aware of that? Well, they should be aware of that and take that into account. But at least on the raw numbers, uh, we're not going to get really low numbers. On that PCE core, um, it's going to be hard to see that, uh, over the rest of this year. Well, thanks for signing in for us to end our show. Usually you're kicking it off, but, uh, with our schedule this week, it was, uh, used what I have you here close this out. So professor, enjoy your summer weekend. Yes, thank you. And, uh, we will see you next week with, um, you know, more in the case. And by the way, a Delta did report and, and beat re-expectation with even the fuel prices up, of course, it is by far the most successful airline, uh, in terms of profits, but uh, uh, deep despite that, you know, the CEO said, people are traveling more, are booking us our strong despite the, you know, the rise in jet flow prices, which can be $2 billion into their cash flow. And yet they still produce the same guidance as they did on January 1st, before we knew anything about this call for. That's pretty amazing. Just to think about that sort of development and, um, something to put in your hat. You have people in choice or travel. I, one little anecdote from on the ground here at some of the world series of poker fans and Vegas, the Vegas activity seems to be a little light. One of the cab drivers said, her last year she was down 25% in your year and this year's down even more. So it feels like people were getting getting there. You know, I think that Vegas, I'll swear. I almost priced itself out of the market. It started up down raising a raising and I know a lot of conventions when elsewhere now. I think they started cutting prices to get, try to get some of the people back. So yeah, I think what happened on Vegas was more of an individual pricing situation. I mean, they had year over year of increase increase increase increase. And as I said, I know people and conventions that just, I know two people. I know a lot of people and conventions, but two of them said, we're not going to Vegas anymore. And that was through two or three years ago when they said, they just priced themselves out. Well, maybe they'll bring it back down. And so yeah, good. Yeah, good luck to you. Thank you. Well, we'll take it. I'll see you next week. Everybody. Thanks for listening. Please subscribe and leave us a rating to help others find the show. You can follow and get to the Sun Twitter. I am at Jeremy D Schwartz. Sam is at Samuel Rines and Jeff is at Jeff Winner. Jeff, Chris and I are registered representatives of four side fun services. Our discussion today was not tied to the offer sale of any investment products. Have a great week.