Welcome to a Behind the Market's podcast. I'm your host, Jeremy Schwartz, Global SIOism Shriek. Alongside, Warren Findfrey from SIO, Jeremy Seagull, who is also a senior economist for wisdom trade, we tackle the latest market trends every week. I'm also joined by my deep-rooted macro colleagues, Samuirrines, Jeff Winnerger, and Chris Ganati. Let's dive into this week's show. Welcome to Behind the Market. Friends, just so you go kick this off here with some comments. We got a little bit of volatility softness. The next stocks come in here with some cooling off of the big AI trip stories. How are you looking at things happening here? Yeah. As I've always said, I've loved the word valid. The euphemism for decline is volatility. That has taken over the entire profession for years. It's decline. Volatility means up or down. I'm going to get to that rotation, if you will, or that volatility will. Let's review a couple of the macro things that are going on. And then I'll talk about the stocks. I mean, the great news, I mean, the CPI and PPI were well below expectations in terms of, you know, I'm high would go, which is very, very good. A lot of it was oil. When you, you parse it down. And I, you know, I've always said Goldman does a really good job, but every component of that, it doesn't have as much effect on the PCE, the flater as the overall. But it was certainly welcome, certainly welcome news. I mean, I, you know, with a negative CPI print, you know, you're not going to get any increase at the next meeting of that. I mean, I, well, all the probability of those increases, which were never that high, it sort of would disappeared with those CPI and PPI. What we have to realize, of course, with the renewal of hostilities in the mid-E's, oil is back at 80. More important, of course, is the crack spreads being at record levels. So I look at wholesale gasoline prices are at 335. And then it's very pretty accurate to add a buck to that to get the whole, to get the final retail price. So wholesale futures on 335, that leads to 435. That's considered we above today's price. So now this won't, we won't get to, in which if it stays at this level, we, you know, it'll take a couple weeks to get there. But that will reverse a lot of the decline in the CPI. When we get maybe not to July, but certainly on August. So, now, of course, that all could get decline and the crack spreads could start declining. You know, depending on, we're finding capacity and all that, but the, you know, the future looking on that front does not look great. And we could, we could argue about whether we should look beyond that and oil and all the rest. I mean, a real good trend is what's going on in owner occupied. A housing, a equivalent rents and rents outright are finally moderating as we've been, you know, looking forward to for quite a long time. So, you know, to keep that core down, but, you know, that, that oil price and that's, we got a big change. It does look like that might be going back up. The D.P. expectation sort of interestingly, we've had Goldman Sachs creeping there second quarter up to about two and a half and, and the same Lewis Fed, which is usually on the high side creeping there's down to 1.7. So, yeah, that's not that far apart, you know, two, two and a half, not terrible. You know, given a big rise in oil prices and the restriction and that's not bad at all. But, you know, if we could get those oil prices down in those gasoline prices down in all that, we could see a much bigger jump in third quarter GDP. Okay. You got housing starts today, which we're actually pretty strong that might bump up a pointer, you know, 10 basis points or so on GDP. But let's get to that. We really see, I mean, a huge rotation. And we've been talking about the frost and the chip market for quite a number of sessions. And I think that that realization is there. That's healthy. We don't like frosty markets that invite speculation more over valuation and then finally a bigger month. So, you know, that coming down, you know, as I often said, doubling your earnings is not justified doubling your price unless you double it forever. And as they people are questioning are certainly questioning that. It is far as, I mean, you know, we don't have next week is a very low week in terms of any important economic news, no Fed meeting or anything like that. So, earnings are going to take really center stage on that. And, you know, what the guidance is going to be on the hyperscale or the competition. And people are worried about the competition. And as whole question of how much should we paying for compute, you know, I've been, I've been just using the free GDP and just amazing. I mean, free one. I mean, 90% of the people could use the free one, 95. I mean, obviously we've really technical you pay for more and get more. But then it's, you know, it is a whole question, you know, with the open structure that China is offering and there, you know, how many weeks behind we are still staying ahead of them. But, you know, they have the open structure going on. There is there is some question about how much people continue to pay for compute. Of those certainly, if, if a high level, AI can produce, you know, blockbuster drugs or breakthroughs, it's worth it's waiting gold. So, doesn't necessarily mean that even though compute or, or a certain forms of AI, to language models might be commoditized, that necessarily mean that that, you know, ends the story. But, you know, there's a awful lot of AI build out, you know, this state of New York, of course, where else, New York, you know, Governor has put a more atory on on on that. We're actually interesting in the speech because when she talked about it, it wasn't that she was all against it, but she says, you know, a lot of these firms were coming in bullying some of these small, that bullying, but coming into small cities and saying, okay, we can do this and they weren't prepared. The, well, how good is my bargaining power with these people? And, you know, she said she was almost like, you know, we're going to help you on your bargaining power to get some of these in, but actually it was also, maybe we're going to close it down for a while, which isn't good and, you know, because there are certainly states that are open on that. But it is interesting to work on an AI, I compute and with inflation, all that is, is continuing and the question of Chinese competition is continuing. You're going to see it and you see the rotation. Since obviously, with tech being 40% communications and tech and all that being, you know, you can't get a rotation without a decline in the overall average. Clearly, but you could get the non tech holding up very well, where we believe, or I believe that there's the biggest gains to be made from the AI to begin with. We should also, um, just note, SpaceX is $10 now, um, but below it's IPO price. And probably the biggest IPO event in history in many ways, if you could go back to now be selling not not below the opening price. I guess it's 25, open to 150. IPO is 135 and it's selling in the, in the, in the morning market, not that might bounce around, but at, uh, 125. That's, I mean, you know, that, that is, that's huge. And it does, you know, open the question about the, you know, open AI and anthropic and some of the new ones and I still think they're going public, but people are going, it's certainly be more cautious. I think all this question is good. We don't want to run away, type of market and we want, uh, you know, for, for the philosophy that, uh, you know, we're, we're, we haven't talked about a long time that you don't want to, you overweight just whatever is high flyers because their market cap, you know, this, this type of rotation certainly looks good. It's a very exhaustive opening statement there. But, um, say, I'm anything you want to hop in on on from the, we heard on the Middle East or the, uh, throughout their key issues, the professor race there. I mean, just piling on to the cracks bread. Those cracks spreads are, this is something very important to watch. We, you know, we have comments in several times here that cracks spreads are going to stay wide and they're going to stay wide for a while, simply based on the amount of capacity and already running at very high utilization rates, particularly in call it the developed West. That is so there is something really, really important there, particularly I, you know, there are reasons to watch gasoline. I'd be very closely watching diesel prices here. Diesel is really the one to watch. You could see that would be, I would say not necessarily prohibitively expensive, but expensive enough to see companies come back with search charges for shipping in the second half. Yeah, I mean, and I have to, you know, give you kudos Sam, you were the one who, several weeks ago said that it was, uh, and some of the damage that had happened in the Ukraine, Russian war to the Russian refining that was part of the reason for that and has more reports came in that that the presumption that you made was more and more confirmed. And obviously, you know, with the war starting up again in Iran, I mean, I said not really when, and really what is really going to get through and what. Yeah, it's a big question. It can boil, I mean, oil is back to 80. I think it hit 60. What was it? 67 at the low on WTI. So we're up 13 bucks. Of course, down way from where it was earlier on, but I'm just wondering if the straight remains closed, even though there's a lot of work arounds, whether oil itself, or main at this level. So, you know, that that certainly is is is is is one of the things to consider by the way, I should mention. The yields are going up with the oil and the gas wing, bounding. My look at the money supplies through, you know, those week we, the deposits are going up. And we're still rising at a rate that is a way above Fed target in my opinion. So the money supply is not behaving in such a way. Again, you know, I don't think, I said that. I don't think there's going to be a raise right away, but if some of these trends continue, the market is still pricing in and take a look at the two year. And maybe the two year better than the 10 year, taking a look at that two year spread. If you do a regression about where the Fed funds in two year spread is going to be, we are, you know, one to two. Hikes to low at this particular point. So that two year is predicting all that, but again, we'll have to see what happens. I still don't think there's going to be any change in joy at all. And you know, going down to September and all that, if oil continues to rise, the gas doesn't go down. And the money supply continues to increase. You know, where she's going to have, you know, a very difficult decision to make. If those are moderate, then the whole is there. Well, Professor, thanks for staying with us. The kick off the show. We'll see you again next week. Absolutely. Thank you. Well, let's continue on talking about some of this tech rotation. Maybe I'll come to Jeff because you know, some of this, when you think about what's happening. Jeff, we took the e-roll of our favorite career bulls, but it seems to like, the center of the storm. These leveraged funds, leveraged version of the Hynix. All this money comes in when we talked about volatility. There was a lot of back and forth. It wasn't just downside, but it was down, up, down, down. So the sort of trending down on things like Hynix after that huge explosion higher. What do you make of this rotation that we're seeing? You got the momentum factor. Just one of the momentum factory tests down about 6% to last month after, you know, basically more than doubling this and be still year to date. What do you think about this rotation? Well, did you see, and I'd have to do the math and I don't quote me on a bit is something like there were estimates going around that's 3% of all South Korean adults got a margin call. Something like that. Did you guys just see that, Charlie? Yeah, there's definitely a lot of margin calls and wiping people out on these leverage funds. Yeah, and basically we've talked about this at Nazium and looked domestically. Jeremy, if you pull up a Western Dig or a Sandis chart. Whoa. Oh, over the last 30 days or so. So the memory, the memory play has going nice cold. And basically what happened, and this, this has been the situation. And it's important for everyone to know this is, you know, tends to be an American audience on the pod here. But it is a generally international listeners. You go through history and at various times. You know, I'm thinking about years ago, this is 20 25 years ago, no Kia being half of the Finland stock market, right? And, uh, Newer Tell, turn of the century being half literally half of the Canadian stock market. And we don't really get to that here in the United States. Somebody gets to be big. And I don't want to, you know, make light of a 6, 7, 8% of the S&P 500. Like it's not a big deal when in video and Microsoft and Apple get to these levels here and there, depending on what year we're having a conversation. But in that country in South Korea, the combo of Samsung and SK Heinax, I don't know Jeremy 45% and starts to really wreak havoc on allocations. But yeah, you know, the rise of the two, the two X ETFs that had become the way to play it in Korea. And also, I mean, this goes to the Korea discount fellas, though Korea went ripping higher the cost be, which is the main index there. Most of it's just those two names. There's still a ton of stuff out there trading for less than book. Chris, is a resident tech expert defender? What's your story on what you see in the tech rotation? Yeah, TSMC came out yesterday had very good numbers. Sort of increased their capital spending projections raised guidance. It's a bit of a weird pattern that we're seeing. In Glass Week, we talked about Samsung, you know, 19 times year over year, net income increase this week. We've got it's almost like you know the result is going to be great before the company even reports and you're sort of trying to read the T leaves on well, you know, what what's the result going to be in 2028 and we're going to try to trade off of off of that. And then we're going to try to pretend to think the bottom line sort of what what you would need to see in the coming weeks is you would need to see a reaffirmation and a complete lack of hesitation on the capital spending from the biggest companies in the world that are spending all this money because if there is any interpreted hesitation on some of that spending or if the wording changes and people are focused on return on invested capital or some of these other things, it can be it doesn't mean that we don't need chips anymore. Like I wouldn't want anyone thinking that chips are suddenly less important memory suddenly less important. That's not the fact that it matter. The fact that it matter is some of these stocks have gone up hundreds of percent in less than a year. And the growth rates could certainly come down even if the businesses themselves and the products that are being made are being demanded as highly as they've ever been. But the key thing to watch in the coming weeks, I keep coming back to a lot of my conversations is what do we all walk away from the hyper-skillers thinking in terms of the capital spending? Are they continuing to raise it? Are they keeping it steady? Are they concerned about it? Are they dropping it? And where might we go next year in terms of the capital spending? Is it going to be above a trillion? Is it going to be a trillion? Is it going to be 800 billion? This is the key discussion that drives all of this going forward. All right, look, I found this quote. It was goldmen. So it wasn't just some random on Twitter and so zero hedge tweeting the goldmen quote here goes. As a July 13th, the total of over 1.2 million leverage retail accounts across the Korean market triggered margin calls approximately $320,000,000, $360,000 were fully liquidated. So it was a 1.2 million call, $320,000, $360 were liquidated. South Korea is an adult population aged 15 to 64 or 35.7 million people. I won in 33.4% of a total's got margin calls. So that was from Goldman as a few sessions ago. And guys, here's something else that's going on. I mean, Jeremy, we've done work through the years and we'll be called a pension wars. We had the G-PIF news last week. So I started digging into my pension wars concepts all week long. I don't know if we'll talk about that. But look, here's the thing over at the big pension fund in Korea, which is the NPS. It had a domestic allocation of let's back in the year. Like, called 15% so you have a pie chart, it's your asset allocation 15% Korean equities. And then they boosted that to 20.8. And I know the specific number because I was looking at this like 2448 hours ago. I think it's 20.8. But then what happens is you get this bull run in these memory names and then what when last time they published their update, they were up to 25-ish percent Korean equities. But your asset allocation guidelines have you at 21? So now you're almost a forced seller, even though there was an initiative in Korea, which was a big deal in the springtime. And initiative to encourage domestic stock market focus and now you're almost a seller. And so that's something that I like. That's a big story. Like you would think, we think a lot about this is sort of like when do you force a rebounds back to these strategic allocation ways? And should you like should you just let it drift right the momentum in some ways? Is there anything magical about that 20% number? Not really, right? So that is an interesting dynamic. But if they become a force, that's kind of an interesting story. Well, I mean, you're thinking portfolio drift. I mean, I'm briefly referenced G-Pith, which is the big monster pension fund out of Japan. We are Japan watchers at Wisdom Tree for obvious reasons. And that is a funky asset allocation. Do you guys know the G-Pith asset allocation? It's it might be a frankly it might be brilliant. It's 25 25 25 25. It's one quarter Japanese equities. One quarter Japanese fixed income. One quarter foreign equities. One quarter foreign fixed income. And what happens? You have 25% in the equivalent of just for everybody, an index, everybody would know the NK225. It's not actually what they're tracking, but let's just use the NK. You have 25% the NK, the NK goes vertical. You start to drift to 26 27 28. You have to, you have to almost have a program selling. And that's one of the really weird situations as these pension funds become so massive. We all talk about so and so beat the streets, so and so earnings were disappointing. It's like, well, wait a minute. Have all we start trying to figure out the criminology of what these pensions are doing. If I were the Korean pension, I would just update the 35% to make the target. I mean, that's the easiest solution you got there. Well, that's Sam. That's the whole concept on the pension wars, which is that there's going to be pressure from either an incumbent politician. You just throw it dart at the map of the world. It doesn't really matter. We were saying would Korea were saying Japan. I mean, look at look at what the Germans just did. What in the last month, Sam? They basically said, okay, look, we need people to have a pension that is some combo of the German state is going to provide the pension. And then also your employers going to provide the pension, but also look what those Americans are doing over there with the 401k. We need some more 401k style action over here in Germany. And that's what they're doing. As you start saying, Jeremy, are you going to have them take it's like a half of a percent or 1%. Where it's something like the employer is going to put 1% into your defined contribution. You're going to put 1%. And then now Jeremy, it's time for you to be fake chancellor of Germany here for for one minute. Say, where are you going to direct those assets to go? German equities. German boons is what they do. Jeremy, it's like, it's so under allocated in Europe. That's whether the conversation we've had again and again on the show. You know, it's interesting on these allocations. We talked a little bit about the strength of the economy, the spin of with all this noise going around. Sam, one of the things in sort of earnings week, you've talked about the red book numbers as sort of showing this robust growth. And then you get some of these financials who reported and you were in so much chat talking about the growth rates we've seen supporting the consumer. You want to talk through the reports you saw so far? Sure. So again, one reading through a bank earnings report is always, I would say dull to say the least. A lot of balance sheet stuff. If you're a typical equity guy balance sheet cool income statement, so much more fun. So anyway, bank earnings came through in there were wild, right? Trading revenues through the roof all looking great record numbers, blah, blah, blah. When you dig down into what their card spending was, it was incredible. I believe all four of the major banks printed eight or above. And Mx again printed high single digit like can't remember. I think it might have been pretty close to 10%. But all of the major banks printing very large numbers on card spend. And then you go to the boring part, which is what are there, what are they reserving on the delinquency side? What do they expect to have on the default rate? Those numbers begin to tick lower not higher. So when you have more people spending more money and the expectation of very sophisticated banks being, we have to, we're going to reserve a little less than anticipated this time around. All of a sudden again, the US consumer remains undefeated in terms of disappointing the bears. The spending numbers are just incredible. And even if you back out some inflation, even if you back out oil and energy prices moving higher, et cetera, you're going to call it 4% inflation with card spend, right? You're going to spend a lot on gasoline. You're going to spend a lot stirring up the vehicle, et cetera, et cetera, chewed whatever. So call it 4% inflation. You're still talking 4 to 5% real spending getting put on these cards. That said, I am far less concerns than I say a lot of folks are about the health of the consumer. And if you continue to see this type of spending, it's going to be very interesting to see what the back half of the year looks like and what some of these earnings reports look like. One of the things we're skipping over a little bit is that US equity earnings look really, really good. Yes, Korea is having some volatility, memory names are having volatility, chip names are having volatility. You'll look under the surface. And as long as you're not called Netflix, you're earnings in or IBM, your earnings are actually looking pretty solid so far this year. And so far this quarter. I think that's the real story is what's going on with earnings earnings are moving higher earnings continue to move up. That's probably part of the rotation is that all of a sudden some of these more cyclical, quote unquote boring names that got overlooked for semis and memory, et cetera. They're looking pretty interesting on a relative basis on their earnings outlook. Yeah, definitely a bit of big, big year for earnings. And a lot, you know, some of it's been detect. We are seeing the smaller cap companies starting to get better results as well. So the inflection is maybe the most most helpful for this for these sort of the broad day story. And an interesting one is if you look at the start of the quarter, right, we're not that far into it. Call it, you know, that 16 days, 17 days, something like that. We're not that far into the quarter. If you look at what just kind of a broad European return is it's positive two or three percent. If you look at Korea, it's almost negative point. Yeah, just so far this quarter. So while while Europe gets a little bit of flag for not really participating a whole lot in the AI and tech trade, sometimes that comes back to the tailwind, but certainly a headwind. Yeah, it's always been, we say, like, Europe and international's like this big value trade in some way, if you weren't Korea, some of Japan, you know, some of these other markets. And it's interesting where where that rotation is happening, not just within the big AI stories, but broader there. Well, I'm looking, I mean, here's the other thing on it was saying was talking about financials. The underwriting businesses in Rude Health right now and there's also two more streams of income coming down the pack, becoming down the path, I guess you could say, open AI. The traffic those are going to be Q4 and Q1 IPOs. These are monster IPOs. And, you know, we've had a series of them going across. You also have the way I understand it fixed income on right underwriting is just fine because the corporate bond market. There's has been no disruptions there. Jeff, you mentioned you have another. You said, say me when to hit. Well, I was, I was going to poke fun over here at Sam because you started talking, A, Max, and I just wanted to see where was this article. I think I might have lost it over here, but they basically. I looked it up on the platinum card. It said that they hike the platinum card annual fee from 500 to 695 back in 2021. And then this year they went from 695 a year to 895 a year. I don't know, guys, I, you know, these, I've had these cards through the years. I couldn't take it anymore. I had the chase Sapphire reserve. Yeah, the reserve or the preferred, which ones the better one reserve? I, that's the one I don't know. I've been to Amix. I couldn't take it anymore. I've got an Amix. I've got a Delta A, Max over here, but it's not even like a good and I'm not even a, I'm in Chicago. I've got the Delta card. I like to joke that ever Delta headquarters are like, you guys, we have someone in Chicago who has the Delta. Because it's Chicago is not a Delta hub, but that has to do with a long history of La Guardia. But look, you get all these quote unquote perks, like you get to sit in the lounge. The lounge, sorry. We have no availability in the lounge or it's absolutely packed. And then there's like door dash, would you have to keep track of the monthly door dash that you get? I mean, I, to hell with that. I don't get it. It's like a second job keeping track of all this stuff. It's, it's not door dash. I believe it's, it's Uber eats and Uber. It's $15. And there's a 75 quarter, is 75, I believe, quarterly credit on Lulu Lemon, which saves me a little bit with the daughter. And then on the travel front, all you have to do is reserve your spot at the MX lounge. It saves you at least $50 trying to get some food at the airport last minute. You just bomb right in. You get your food. The Mexico City MX lounge has a probably has paid that $8.95 for me over the past year and a half just sitting there. And that's a very good deal actually. I'm very well aware. And by the way, it's probably good for Lulu too, because that 75 is a floor not a ceiling on my daughter's fence. You, but then you feel like you've got it now you compelled to go into the Lulu every 90 days. That's to me. That's like something hanging over me. I'm not compelled. I just, yeah, I guess we risk give the card over to OK, you know, in order to have a phenomenal bonding experience. And then I paid the bill. You know, well, I've had one for you to look at us talking credit cards. I've had this one for like 15. Is this summer travel season and yours? Yeah. 15 years. It's 2% back on everything into your fidelity account. I got a fidelity 529 new hamper that I opened all those years ago for the kids and it's like, you know what? Just keeping it that. It was Sam you like, you remember when when when did a 529 it you needed to put it into the new hamper or Nevada, because the rest of the states weren't competitive with those two. Yeah. And the rationale was on expense ratio, but these days I, to weigh I understand it, everybody's 529 got the memo and now you just put it in your own states 529 I think. Did I stump you guys on the. Sure, if one nothing, quite as vinegar have a new answer 5 because years ago, that was the guidance you had a kid get born. Did you didn't have to live a new hamper, but new hamper and Nevada and a few others were the ones that had the most well designed 529s at the time. Maybe they still did it. Why don't know. Yeah. What I'm impressed. As you think about, that big text stories, you talk about the Taiwan semi earnings and we've got this rotation. What are the other things that you're focused on here. Well, the you know, flip flip around these days, you see, you know, the continuation I think the professor even alluded a bit to it is sort of the US versus. China story, uh, sometimes that story, it depends what article you're reading. Like sometimes that story is used as the inspiration for we need to build more data centers or we need to keep the capital spending up. Sometimes it's used in the parlance to talk about, you know, maybe you don't need the frontier models because the open source open weight models are getting to at least close performance or it depends the task that you're doing. So the the US China competition as it relates to AI is alive and well. We'll continue to see how that evolves. I know we alluded a bit to the and certainly sam the IBM story. I was. Ford personally. I'm not saying that you you miss your your quarterly and and to be clear this was not the quarterly earnings. Like initially I was thinking, wow, IBM's reporting a bit early this cycle, but there was a front page Wall Street Journal story about how it was basically this thing where if you give guidance and you know that you're not going to hit guidance. It becomes sort of an interesting legal question of when you have to tell the market that you know you're not going to hit guidance and IBM's interpretation was we're going to tell them immediately and boom, you know on that day you've got 115 year old company dropping 25% you know they should certainly go down. I'm not saying they shouldn't go down. The 25% in a single day for a stock that has as diversified a business as IBM I admit for the for the whole week I've just been thinking about that in the back of my mind and we talked on the plot a lot about quantum competing and how IBM is doing certain things there nothing to do with quantum computing in terms of those results. So you know that fascinating week overall. Yeah, how much can you know IBM is we talked about a lot of these big tech companies becoming more like value stocks IBM you know when I'm looking at the P just on a public service like coifin here I'm looking at 18 forward PE so you know missing earnings it's it's trading if you turn slower than the S and P so it's not like you're you know giving it this big credit for you know. It's got a discount evaluation to the market so it's sort of interesting on on what are its opportunities what are what are its risk and people were trying to broaden that IBM missed to some broader software spend miss it seems like. But you know it this the rest of the software stocks seem to rebound a little bit after after everything you choice about that. Yeah, and that'll be an interesting because one of the things that you sort of look at as you say okay people are. But it's a very good thing that we're taking away for whatever reason from thinking as as much about say a hardware a hardware starts with semiconductors but it goes through some such a broad ecosystem of so many companies making so many different things that you need for the idea to center but you basically say okay. The market rotates away from that do they rotate towards software clearly in the beginning of the year was the opposite it was get get the heck out of software as fast as possible get into the hardware as we go into the second half of the year maybe we're getting out of. At least the some degree the hardware are we going into the software and we'll have to see whether it's sales force and. Crowd strike and poll also networks and and all the the various complex of software players will have to see is the software as a service business model looking better looking worse looking about the same or. People similar to what I hear Jeff mentioned from time to time are they just saying let's get out of technology which. Wow that's um you know a bit of a bit of a harder stand to take. But if if the market does the sides do they do that and you've got software going down hardware going down and other parts of the market doing better that that's an interesting outcome not not an outcome we've seen so far in twenty twenty six but. We'll have to let's see if that's where the trend takes us. And you know so think about getting out of technology or any of these various concepts I think we should remember fellas the S&B 500 is just showing out here at seventy five hundred. There is no problem. In the portfolio of what most people have your plane individual names maybe have some problems right now but generally speaking. The person who just takes a look at the market every week every month every quarter that person there there is no problem. Going on for that person now Jeremy I wanted to I wanted to throw a concept on CPI out there. You game. Sure. All right I just want everybody to know that it basically what happened was the crude oil price. And this is the first peak to what do you think guys seventy eighty ninety days ago at this point at best gas. And that was a hundred and fifteen dollars or something like that on WTI. Now remember a few sessions ago we had the June CPI print right you wait or you get to the second week of July you get the June number. A lot of the tumble in the crude oil price happened in June specifically and if we think it's a quince in it indicator it's not but if you just think of it in those terms. With concepts like your electric bill. Your unlettered gasoline your diesel prices. Then what you should know is we had a something like called seventeen to twenty dollar decline in the month of June in the crude oil price. And it just so happens crude oil doesn't care about your CPI prints crude oil moves when crude oil wants to move. That if you're looking at roughly the road the lows of crude oil. It was I'd have to look at the chart over here is like the twenty nine to June the thirty it maybe July first okay so you're carving out a low West Texas intermediate. So it's sixty eight or sixty nine dollars around the time this month turned over and now we're up into the eighties so keep that in mind if you're thinking about the July print on CPI and I guess maybe the August and September two. Yeah, it's going to be one of the big stories in the professor mentioned his money supply indicators are showing a little little hotter inflation impulse. And the first thing I was mentioning in our chat this team of a man was talking about new money supply indicators for the fed this is when the key things at the professor really does want the fed to be focused on as they think about what are the real pressures on inflation is they lost a connection to this money supply as a ultimate ultimate source of truth there over time and let's see if you know the impact guys well for this I was supposed to be on holiday this week but came to come back back a little bit early but Maybe we'll wrap it quickly to put any closing talks from you guys on things you're focused on Jeff you wanted to make a quick quick nod to the gold price after It's sort of falling off with this it seems to be moving inversely to oil as what are the key input so oil coming back up cold back down it's sort of tied to interest rates and And oil all the same there but any any time is there. Yeah, I'm in just pointing out that we we broke a session or two ago below 4,000 on the on the the gold price and that's not that's not something you want to see if you're gold bullish and you're really need you mentioned the relationship with oil. I mean you really need the 10 year 10 out to behave the issue at hand is the 10 year 10 out has just been chilling like a villain here in the 450s for what seems like forever. You really needed to rally into the low force for opportunity cost basis but no what I wanted to propose was this housing affordability print which was put out by the National Association of Readers this morning and let's call this. Ugly but getting better I mean that's really me nope because nobody can afford a house. And that remains the case but here's the year over years on this so you have the qualifying income number this is what you and or you and your spouse or whoever you might be your your lover right it's your household is purchasing a home. In June of 25 so last June you're qualifying in community the 110,928 dollars to qualify for the meeting home it is still these are big numbers by the way that you know depending on what your own household income as now in this June it looks like it's gone from 110,928 down to 109152 so ever so slightly down from too high to still too high. But part of that respite is we are now at a point where on some of these comps we read according to them the mortgage rate last June was 690 now 657 so cold six and you know six and a half ish right now this year again Jeremy just like the gold price to lubricate this housing market. It's not going to happen at a 657 mortgage rate we need we need something to happen there or else we're just not going to get any boost in this economy from housing activity. Yeah that that's a key focus issue even on CNBC this morning that's what a lot of the conversation was on the new housing starts and and the has affordability it's a big issue so but it's tricky issue of rates come down you know prices could be supported so it's like you know you know the rock rates down. That's not the the panacea for everything so it's a very tricky dynamic you just need a lot more supplies like the key the key answer. Yeah and look there's also the matter of there's more to a house than just how much you're paying for your mortgage right and you've got like you know you and I. You've got like you know you and I. Radio away from South Florida you just paint through the nose for your wind storm coverage. Down there California has the fires in the earthquakes these are population zones and that's a real real expenditure on home ownership. All right guys well enjoy your summer weekends we will see you all again next week. Thanks for listening please subscribe and leave us a rating to help others find the show. You can follow and get with us on Twitter. I am at Jeremy D Schwartz Sam is at Samuel Rines and Jeff is at Jeff Winner. Jeff Chris and I are registered representatives of four side fun services or discussion today was not tied to a real sale of any investment products have a great week.