Welcome to Behind the Market's podcast. I'm your host, Jeremy Schwartz, Global SIOism Shriek. Alongside, Warren Find Professor Jeremy Seagull, who is also a senior economist for wisdom trick, we tackle the latest market trends every week. I'm also joined by my deep-rooted macro colleagues, Samuirrines, Jeff Winnerger, and Chris Gnody. Let's dive into this week's show. Welcome to Behind the Market's Professor. A few big stories this week. You got oil going back. You got rates moving higher. This competition for stocks coming from the bond market. How are you looking at this? Well, there's so much to talk about. What a day on Wednesday. I have an index. I plot Mag7 against S&P. I think on Wednesday, it was the biggest drop in four years on a one day basis. Of course, this was after Tesla and Google reported, which wasn't a terrible report, but they just took them all down. Wow, it seemed like the word capital cap X is radioactive now. If we more cap X, oh my God. You remember Jerry, we had a chapter in our book, Future for investors called Capital Pigs? How could I forget? It did show that the big capital expenders, when we did that 50 year study back in the book, 20 years ago, should have the numbers. It did show the biggest cap X vendors relative to sales were big under performers. Yeah, big under performers. So the coach always think you're in a new world. That, oh, no, this time it's different. The market is getting to question. I think every single bond and you might be able to verify this, that the Mag7 or hyperscale is put out earlier to help fund their expansion is underwater. There's only the CDS spreads that come up on all of them. I mean, rates have gone up, but I mean, the relative rate, CDS. It's incredible for trillion dollar company to have a big risk for anyone as a trillion dollars of equity cushion theoretically. This is, this is quite something. You know, I'm, you know, this whole thing about moonshot coming out and jumping the number three at a price, you know, that is a fraction of everything else. I'm going to bet right now. I always do this. I'm not an expert enough on tech. I mean, I had some people say, oh, my god, this is terrible. And others say, oh, no, no, they're going to, they're going to be able now to perfect their own at a cheaper rate and, and March ahead. It looked like a one day tell again, wasn't seemingly impacting the market the way the deep seek occurred. You know, even though people are calling moonshot deep seek to point out, I mean, I'm going to leave it to you guys. Maybe if you want to wrestle out whether that is something that is critical or not. No, it's go to the oil situation, not good. I mean, it's hard to believe that BKI was in the upper 60s now, you know, a 90. I'm against the little bit back to off today. Although all the derivatives are up. And and Gatsling is going back up as as a result. You know, we pointed out that oil ain't what it used to be, but it's not nothing. And so, you know, how is that, how is that going to work itself out? Any further depression on consumer, I mean, again, and all the indicators on the really economy are fine. They're not boom to prove, but they're fine. I mean, I guess the only thing I mean, it was amazing. We had claims of 180 seven. I mean, I, you know, there is volatility on that one week, but that was a 60 year low. We talked about two hundred to two 40s being the normal range. And I'm not, I'm not going to be surprised if it bounced back, but that did open eyebrows. Even on a one month basis, it stayed a 60 year low. I don't know employment claims for the week. But the real data is still coming in, you know, at about, at about two, the question is whether, you know, Gatsling going back up near the where it was. Now, yields, so why? And yields are going back up to the levels that they reach during the Fed squeeze against the inflationary pressures caused by the over expansion during the COVID period. Oh, boy, big increases in real rates than what, what does that 10 year tips? Well, over two to an half or so. I mean, it was into one eight to zero range and even the yields itself. And that's how worldwide basis all the yields are going up everywhere worldwide. Of course, oil prices are a worldwide situation, but this is spreading. And that is a threat, ultimately, 10 year. And, you know, 10 year breaking through the records during the levels. Let's say that it did reach during the squeeze of 22, 23. I think would be negative on top of that. We have the Fed meeting next week. No expectation for change, but the dialogue is going to be interesting. Um, certainly how does Chairman Worst view this latest run up? More should you look through it as temporary? I should they move against it because it's supplier, not even if it isn't. In fact, temporary, what are his thoughts on that? Uh, you know, I certainly, I think there's no change. There may be descent. And there may be one or two descents in favor of an increase. Um, at that meeting. This is a interim quarterly meeting. There will be no, SCP and no doubt plot. So we won't have a broader view of them. But we'll get a distillation of, of those views. Um, at this particular point, Worst is continuing a power, the innovation of giving news conferences in the interim meetings, um, which, um, is interesting given that he often said the communications are not, um, are sometimes accessible from the Fed. Now again, I think that if there's going to be any big change on that, that will result from the committees. And it won't come until next year. Notwithstanding, it's going to be really interesting. His take, um, um, uh, on Wednesday for what is going to happen on rates, um, or his thoughts on that. Did I miss anything Jeremy? Um, those are the big issues. I mean, do you, what, the, there's more discussion, you know, a few people have been talking about this. Equity risk premium because of the bond yields and what levels start to really hurt. We got that. We got that, you know, those real yields are up. Um, you know, the whole question is that if real yields are up because real growth is up, that should not depressed stock prices. Because that will be that will mean, burning growth is up. If real yield they're up because they think the Fed just isn't going to have to tighten off, set all these inflationary and doesn't mean real growth has up, then that's a challenge. So the source of the, you know, the increase in real yield is, is critical to, I think there's probably a mixture of both in that and how you wait at one way or, or the other. Now I guess with, uh, you know, what, the 10 year or two and a half and P ratios at 20, that's a 2.5% equity risk premium lower than the historical. Certainly, then the realized historical, but people, while we talk about 3.3 and a half. So it's 2.5 now with a 20 P E forward. If we get, you know, the 20 P E forward, that's a 5% real yield 2.5 on the 10 year tips. So that's a 2.5% premium is a little squeezed. But again, let me remind everybody in 2000, um, the 10 year tips really will hit 4.3% at the same time that the P E ratio on stocks was 30, which is a 3.3% So I mean, that was an inversion that led to the crash. We are nowhere near any inversion on forward looking real returns today. Yeah, that you're always trying to correct people on the internet, but somebody was talking about the, the bond yields being the swearing. And again, we got to keep on the hammer away real returns. I don't know, guys. I can't. I mean, we just have to keep on putting that through. And, um, you know, the bars, the marks of this kid people seem to know it, but it's amazing number of people keep on slipping back into that. I mean, Wall Street Journal, you know, I mean, three weeks ago had three or four weeks ago had a big front page article about equity premium disappearing and they're looking in nominal bond yields. And then forward looking real returns on stocks, but, um, you know, um, we're, we're, we're here to set them straight on that. Sam, whenever we get freaked out about oil, we come to you. And you, you know, this thing is going to move back down at some point soon that we're closer to the end, even though it seems like we are flaring up. Do you have any change views on the conflict? What's really interesting to me about the current flare up is the narrative of, oh, it's, we're just, we're just, we're just giving them, you know, a little bit here and there, not really that big. I mean, let's, let's be honest, it's, it's not really that small. But the threat of going to hit them hard, hip bridges, et cetera, et cetera, all that keeps coming up and then you get the message this morning across the Bloomberg headlines saying that Iran rejected a US ceasefire agreement, et cetera, et cetera. The, the, the signal that I would take from Iran rejecting a US proposed ceasefire is that the US is looking for a ceasefire. If you had asked me last week, I would have said that there's, there's not a whole lot of movement on the diplomatic front. It does look like there's some movement on the diplomatic front. Now, we do have until five o'clock Eastern on Sunday when futures open to get it settled for next week. So I would also have paying attention to the headlines at about three o'clock on Sunday afternoon is kind of my thesis here. The major thing that's interesting and Professor Siegel and I have talked about it previously is this is the first time you see in crack spreads get absolutely destroyed. Is this rip higher in oil prices did actually break the crack spread down a little bit. I would actually expect that to continue to happen in a lot of ways. Crack spreads narrowing up a little bit and maybe having some return to normalcy in terms of the relationship between the price of oil and the price at the pump. Not necessarily all for the better, but not having a fairly wide deviation relative to the historic norm that's taking up is probably a good thing. Now, of course, if the oil keeps on going up even the crash spread goes down that doesn't bring gasoline down on you. It does not. 100% crack. The critical aspect is that if you do have some normalization in crack spreads may moderate the increase in heck of when versus oil. Exactly. Exactly. So you might see a little bit less of a rocket ship this time around on oil. And when you would treasure the the the breakdown of the I mean the decline in the in the crack spreads. Decline in the crack spreads. Part of that is that they were running at a 95, 96% capacity, which is basically 100% in the US. And you're having to put the call it the elevated crude price in much more quickly. So when you have to put that in much more quickly, you don't have the cheaper barrels from towards three weeks ago coming in. That creates a narrowing of the spread. Okay. And we got some more tariffs. Is the other. Yeah, I I should mention that the tariffs that we mentioned that that's good point. I virtually the same as what went off. He had, you know, because of the the law had gone off. We knew he was going to redo it. These, you know, so there was just an analysis that I read through that it's like, you know, within one percentage point of for most done that. I mean, some of these threaten 15 others are 10, 10 with a lot, but there's a lot of exemptions to the effective pair of is virtually the same as what what's what being rolled off. Not that I like any of them at all. I think that that's bad mistake. But there's a few new things on it. You know, a few things off of it and there is a little mixed thing, but the average level is virtually the same. And Sam, are these things possible to stay or do you think these just get hit back out? I think it's possible they stay. This is there a little bit more battle hardens in terms of the legality around them. They did use child labor as the mechanism for doing it, which putting child labor tariffs on Japan, for example, I feel like that's a little bit of a stretch in some ways or putting child labor on it. Very little bit of it on your pan, right? They're exactly. I mean, just on the demographic basis, that's that's a little tough there. So in the European Union, which I'm if last time I checked it has extremely strict rules around labor, it's I do find it's be a little bit of a stretch. It'll be interesting to see who and potentially wear challenges them first, but these are these are a little bit more difficult because they are they do have to be reviewed. They do have to go through a process. So it would surprise me to see these, you know, be challenged and struck down quickly. It would not surprise me to see another call it another another legal battle that ends up going to the Supreme Court. Yeah, but that took six months. But by the way, it'll take forever. The they were using, I think smooth Holly for some of these. The 1932, I mean, that aims them up. If they if they believe there's unfair trade practices, they can have up to a 50% tariff. That's what smooth Holly, which is still on the books stupidly, but is on the books. They can just impose the the smooth Holly tariff, which of course was always a nephamate to Republicans, you know, we were the worst economic political decision in history, but now being used by the Republicans, but nonetheless, they have that right. It's on unfair trade practices. On unfair trade practices, you're going to have a go to child labor. I mean, you could just say, oh, they, you know, they won't sell our butter. And that's an unfair labor, you know, one fair trade practice and you know, 50% tariff. And you know, what's weight six months before the spring that's to the spring court. I mean, I'm just saying that there's there's many other authorities here. Yes, there are many other authorities, you know, a lot of the, that that word, that word, you know, that can be used. You know, I think with kind of gone, not used to it. I mean, 10% we don't like it. And there's a lot of mixy, sick building didn't want to go through with the US, Mexican, Canadian accord and how is that going to be renegotiated? But the truth of the matter is that 10% is sort of like built in the most, you can have a project. I don't think that's going to be the mover of the markets or the economy or the next three months. So you get to prefer to try to summarize big picture views. We've got the rotation story a little bit. We've got the, pine yields coming back up. And so it is the rotation still. I mean, you know, I can't, you know, if this or it was back to 67 and the harm moves was opening, and it's market would be just enormously higher, I think. And, but, you know, with this now moving in the opposite direction, all other commodities beginning to move up inflationary expectations, moving up, you know, everyone was telling us how great your eye was. Well, joy has one more week to prove itself great. And by the way, as we all know, August has been one of the worst months in recent history, and that's one week away. So, I mean, you know, I'm not much, you know, I don't want to over-rempicize calendar in non-moist. I think it's people talk about them because they don't know what else to talk about. But, you know, it's, this was supposed to be the best month. I was, you know, we'll see what, what does have. There's definitely there definitely challenges they had. I mean, you know, things are strong and all the rest, but we see the way things are reacting and the bar is very hot. Right, Professor Walnut, we'll let you go enjoy your summer weekend. I have a thank you. Well, let's see. Sweet. Well, Sam sounds like our August, our first week in May and the inauguracy is going to have some interesting things to talk about. I mean, we can try, we can try to make talk to screen again. Lee will definitely be working hard at that. Chris, I think it's, it sounds like we should come to you, given the big story, the Professor kicked off with all things macro. He kicked off with the AI news this week and he had these big earnings reports. It is quite interesting to reactions to some of the things and how things are reacting to earnings. What, what was your read of the sort of tech earnings that we saw this week? Yeah, yeah. So I was looking through this morning and the pattern that we appear to be in is a company can report and it's a bit weird in the sense that you almost know the results to a degree before the information even comes out. In the sense that we're clearly spending or on the path to be spending something like $800 billion this year. And if that remains to be true in your ship company, obviously people are buying a lot of ships. Many of these things are in back order and it's just a question of how much back order and how much back log is there. But you saw Intel report their numbers and have some positive things to say, just like many other companies like tech tech assistants instruments as well reported and they had positive things to say. But Intel kind of broke the pattern. And it's a bit funny in the sense that it wasn't that long ago. I think it was roughly a year ago in August that the government took the call about a 10% stake in Intel. And like the week before that happened, Trump was truth, social ing that the CEO maybe should be fired and all these different things. So Intel was kind of an a dire position. We were talking about it. The government takes that stake. And so many announcements have transpired between now. And then plus the CPU, the central processing unit relative to the GPU, the graphics processing unit has increased so much in importance that in a sense most of what Intel has to do is still ahead of it. In the sense that they haven't proven, you don't hear for instance yet about these amazing new AI acceleratorships that Intel is making. But the market came to them on CPUs and they announced obviously their terraphab partnership with Elon and SpaceX and all these very positive announcements to the government ownership stake. They haven't really needed to execute that much in terms of new stuff. But their share price performance has been nothing short of remarkable. And they seem to be the one like Texas Instruments reported, great quarter stop went down. It's sort of like, you know, some of the things I've heard from the professor in the sense that it's almost like a guidance game now. And in the sense that the results usually in the tech sector are very, very good. And then you look under the hood and you see the guidance for the next quarter. And if the market views that is not quote unquote high enough, maybe you see a 5% to 10% down draft the day you report an amazing business result. So it's a bit weird. It was I guess Jeff, how are you looking at these earnings these in so far? Why have a take on it, which is just it's so wild how the market takes an area that wants to focus on in any given time. And you have to pay attention to whatever is the new important thing. And that thing is the concept of the CapEx build out, hindering any given XYZ corp on account of shared dilution. And this was not an issue in the first quarter. And it started to become an issue in the second quarter. And here we're in the third quarter. And it's a big issue. And we were putting together charts earlier this week. And it was like, look, remember when Oracle was going absolutely vertical, I mean, it was going vertical. And I actually just show in our our technician that was in the trees. So you know, it's really oversold. Yes. I'm going to be it's time to get into Oracle. I don't know. But you know, they did that announcement. That big and I don't remember what it was. A $50 billion or whatever on February 1. That they were going to be raising equity capital, which is not something that you typically see in recent years from these big tech giants. They, the concept like on it's something like meta back when it was Facebook was look at all this cash sitting around. She got this equity raised from Oracle back in February in the stock. So that's that's actually pretty cool. Think, keep running. Keep running. Then June 1st is the alphabet announced. But I think that one was 85 billion is memory serves. And it was almost like June 1st is where we said, all right, maybe this is a trend. Maybe there's a lot of players out here doing it. Then you get the high next listing. That is a secondary offering, right? So and I'm just trying to think of what who else might have come in on an issuance basis. And then the threat here is that Zuckerberg's going to come in and raise sooner rather than later. And so it has a boom Oracle, boom, meta theoretically. Oh, you know, here comes a, you know, who also is going to be next on diluting their shareholders. And you're starting to see when you look at some of the internals of this market, things like the S&P 500 buyback, relative to the S&P 500, carving out a multi year low on that. Where the market is basically saying, you know, what, maybe I'm going to give a little bit more credit or a lot more credit to share reduction as a concept. I don't like dilution historically. It is not something that ends up being a good thing for publicly listed equities. Maybe early stage. Of course, it's just fine, but publicly listed equities. It's usually a big red flag. And then the other dynamic in there is look at the health. I mean, generally speaking of financials. I mean, this has been a concept for sheepers, creepers, five or 10 years at this point with the big banks, the bigger your P in banks, the bigger American banks, buying back their stock. It's a sharp contrast, what we're seeing in the tech sector. And you do have a little bit of a bifurcation in this market now between some of these sectors. Well, interesting. So, Bank of America came out, raised their dividend 14% this morning. The stock is kind of, like, math, flat, not too much. So, maybe it's more, it's not doing it. But do it better than MXM, which, which you described as having a good report, but market is what and more. Yeah, MXM is a good report. I don't really, I mean, I said this many, many times on this podcast. I never really want to go through a financials report. I don't like going through banks, earning reports. They're just boring. They're balance sheet oriented. That just, it just doesn't make me happy. But they're great for consumer data. And when MX comes out and says, oh, by the way, our card members on a currency adjusted basis put up a 9% quarter, the best in three years, you kind of have to pay attention to that as a signal of what the underlying economy's really doing. Maybe Google is spending way too much money, but the consumer is spending a lot of money as well and not really scared. I was told that we were supposed to be scared of AI because people were going to be scared of their jobs. That was going to slow their consumption. Maybe they're just assuming that, hey, if I'm not going to have a job in three years because of AI, I might as well spend it all now and have some fun. But that appears to be the way the consumer is going about their business so far this year. It's just a little bit of a yellow and have a good time. Jeremy did be a way to do something on the buyback to in addition to that 14% of it in hike. The head by I saw was just give it in, but I'm not sure on the buyback. All right, so it pulled us one up over here on this screen. So this one was at 57-ish as we turned the year over and then it did the whole wavering down. The tape was really ugly, hors mousin, and what had you bottomed out in the spring time at 46. And then you know, just chucking a lot really in last six or eight weeks up to 61 dollars here. So that's a much different dynamic, especially in the last in the month of July. It's a very different dynamic from from that just a poster child for big American banking. Just going up up up generally to new highs. I had another chart around here. I've got a hundred tabs open on my screen. But here we had we were doing last five years total share count reduction. We're pulling the Italian banks to Spanish banks stuff and B of A is on this. Guys, B of A in the last five years has reduced its share count by 18 percentage points, chemo with Lee. And then the other player I was doing is the other big one is JP Morgan down by 11%. That's actually those figures pale and comparison to some of the euro banks. euro banks, a lot of them 15 to 20% share count reductions in the last five years or so. It's just, hey, you know, the stuff was trading with. Remember there's so much stuff trading well below book half of book back when they were left for dead. So they said the hell with it. We're going to buy our stock back. You know, a lot of single digit P's and if they have their capital requirements, they're able to buy buy back and you're definitely seeing that actually. I mean, the mag seven, there's a lot of charts going around of there now have, you know, not becoming the bypass, the high-press failures are not becoming the buybackers. They're having to spend a cab back. So buybacks are going down, they're issuing shares in a little bit of delusion. So there's a different story than we had for some of these guys the last few years. Yep. And to just point it out, I mean, the AI losers aka Apple, for example, are performing very well. You know, Apple still has plenty of money to buy back stock because they haven't done anything interesting in the last five years. So it's, it's really intriguing to me on some level that you have the ones that are quote unquote winning on AI in spending to do so. And then you, and they're getting punished for it. And, you know, free cash flow, whatever metric you want to look at. And then you have a company like Apple that's trading at a very elevated multiple, but still has free cash flow because it has an invested anything and anything interesting. And yeah, I mean, that they may set that. Maybe they're playing the long game and they just figure these models are all going to get good and cheap enough that they won't have to have done this spending and they will get to use something and they have the distribution. So maybe they turn that around. I mean, I think Tesla was fascinating story. I mean, you know, 14, 15% down on earnings. We had looked at in some of our quality of the accident said, hey, the profitability's becoming down. They're going to throw it slowing down. It's, it's definitely, you know, 200 PE type stock. And it was challenging. Then when people look through the actual report on it in terms of like where it's earnings came from. And in other stuff, there are some interesting takes on on the actual earnings and or lack there of earnings. So it's a real bet on the future of humanoids and robots. Now you've got a competition with SpaceX. Like if you were betting on Elon, you had Tesla now you have SpaceX, the people can bet on Elon success. So there's a little competition for just the Elon narrative. But SpaceX also has cooled off pretty dramatically from its IPO putting a mildly. So really, you know, it's question is, or you know, is that front running the more shares that become at market, but definitely not as hot as the week after the IPO? I mean, is it front running the shares or is it, you know, adjusting to a lack of earnings? Or some combo. You know, the other concept going around it on how much can I see how much you, we're looking into the specific special situation. This new love relationship between Anthropic and AMD this week. This has been the concept also in the markets, which is company A has agreed some sort of deal with B and B is in talks with C and C is also doing something with A and it's, hey, we'll do a multi-billion dollar deal to supply you with such and such in this case it's servers and then and by the way, we'll also do an investment in your maybe unlisted name in the case of OpenAI and Anthropic and that is the circular, I don't know, money merry around a lot of people are skeptical of, I don't know if you were looking into that. It's almost small potatoes, five billion who even cares, but the AMD and the news like all this week. Yeah, so it's, I mean, when people look at the space and they look at kind of what signals that we have in mid 2026 to continue to look at, the biggest story driving pretty much everything is the fact that on a year of your basis, people look at the revenues of Anthropic. They look at the adoption of Anthropic, they look at the decision that Anthropic made to go more into the enterprise and to focus on coding and they see the results largely and they describe it as on a year of your basis, the revenue is basically increasing 10 times over. And if they, if they do that a few more times, it's absurd where they can end up, note no guarantees or anything like that, but various people come on and say, Anthropic will be the first company to get to 6 trillion. The whole story is basically some variation of can make continue to showcase revenue growth basically like nothing that we've ever seen and if that's true, a lot of the other stuff, a lot of the other risks, a lot of the other concerns sort of melt away, but if there's any sort of stumble, clearly it affects all the chip names and I think one of the things that Professor Seagull was kind of alluding to in the beginning of the discussion today was the idea of China can make models and it's clearly a debate and discussion of like how China is making those models, are they just quote unquote distilling the results and the wherewithal and expertise of the US models or are they doing their own thing and that's that's clearly a deep detail, rabbit hole to potentially get into, but by and large when we think about the moonshot story of July 2026, the key thing that I think of it as is if a company out there, whether it's in China or otherwise, can showcase true competition to enthropic such that then enthropic can't grow 5x 10x year over year in terms of revenue, well that's the key risk to basically Jeff what you were saying about his Google spending too much money. If enthropic's growing in other 10x year over year, Google's probably not spending enough money, but if you know all of a sudden we're seeing relatively flat revenues that some of these hyper AI labs, the two big ones as you've noted, open AI and ethypic, then that's the music, those old discussions from the financial crisis, the music has to keep going and everyone's fine, but when the music stops you sort of see okay who doesn't have a share that they can sit into, the music is basically the revenue growth of largely those two companies. Chris, it seemed interesting with all the spending estimates, there's been a lot of all back and forth. Professor made fun of by youth that we're at Vaul and we're talking about declines, but there's been a lot of Vaul in the, for sure the Korean names, but really all of the hardware names back and forth, but it does feel like the spending keeps going up, like all of your hearing is more spending, like it doesn't like it's slowing down in any way. The key, one of the things I was looking at in the Google report and I think we've sort of been mentioning it before is like what signal are the CEOs and CFOs giving us? In terms, because we've been in this cycle where every time every 90 days these companies come out and they incrementally raise the range. You always get sort of a range and depending on the company, the range might be one number and another number and there's a 20 billion gap or a 10 billion gap, but it's clear that Google came out, they've raised the range, the high end of the range, I think now is 205 billion. That's their estimate as to where the spending might get in 2026. And it's a bit weird in the sense you're exactly right. Like if everybody just keeps increasing the spending, why is it that the market has taken down the core of where that spending goes, namely the semiconductor and hardware names, which were, you know, depending on which one you look at 30 or 40% higher a few months back and now they've come down a bit, but the year day returns still looks unbelievable. And so if the spending keeps going up, it doesn't make sense in my opinion to be taking those names down, but if everyone is sitting here saying, the spending can't possibly, I don't know what they're basing the statement on, the spending can't possibly continue. I personally think the spending absolutely can continue. We, they can continue doing this for at least the number of years going forward. Everybody pretends now that they're an expert on cash flow and free cash flow and you see those words, I would challenge anyone that says free cash flow to show me how it's calculated as the next one because at the end of the day, like there's nothing that says these businesses, which not the big transition, Jeremy, I was thinking about when you and the professor were talking about sort of capex relative to sales, is the path that all of these companies took to get to their multi-trillion market caps was this sort of asset light, intellectual property, have the ideas and when you need to make something, you send your design off somewhere else, usually Taiwan or South Korea. And now these businesses are going through a transition of now we're going to be asset heavy, like really asset heavy. And the world in which you see the returns looking forward, the return on equity, all the various profitability statistics when you have to take that depreciation because now on your balance sheet, you have a trillion dollars of data center assets, roughly speaking, we'll see if we get there for any of these companies. The way in which those same companies continue to drive the returns of the entire market say five years from now, if they just keep all these assets on the book, that's a very different world. I honestly don't know what that looks like. My hypothesis is they're not going to keep these assets on the book any longer than they need to. They need to start taking a page out of Amazon's book because if anybody remembers back to Amazon and how it got to, it's a couple trillion dollar valuation, it did not take the profitability routes. It took the, we're just going to build build build build build build build, you're going to like it and you're going to push your stock price up. Like there's, there's a few people that work in other companies for I are at the moment that should go back and study how Baza's built Amazon and convince shareholders to just keep going with him because he built, I mean, they built AWS. They built a profitable ish retailer, but AWS took a lot of capital. It is something that took a long time to build out data centers, et cetera, et cetera. Now they're doing very well because of that. So I do think there's a little bit of a maybe we forgot how some of the folks got here in the first place. Well, and I think some of the things to like is the multiple for a capital ass, you know, a high asset company versus a little asset company should it be the same multiple. Are these now more like traditional industrial manufacturing businesses that have lower multiples than there's a pristine? All you can do is return cash to shareholders because my margins are so high. It's going to be a different dynamic. So there is this debate now happening a lot. I see it happening a lot on what is the right multiple for for all this investment. You got now our man Buffdog who said, you know, he was the one who made the investment in Google is did he come in at Google at a high level, but he actually thinks that they are going to get an ROI and he put some big, you know, multi-billions to work in alphabet and then they, you know, sold off quite sharply on this release quite interesting. And Jeremy, you mentioned industrials, in less than anything's changed on me in the last couple weeks, Holy E. Crow, but isn't the plan over at standard and poorest put SpaceX into the industrial's category? Well, if they got to add to the SP500 first, you know, yeah, that went at the 12 month mark at the 12 month mark, which is now called 11 months from now. Upon addition, I believe that the vibe is you're going to open up the XLI and it's going to be SpaceX in there and that goes back to what you're saying. That one, I mean, how do you call these companies? Is that text stuck? Is it industrials? And now there's there's a real question mark on some of these. They are. Well, it's one of the reasons why we put it on my CIO deck and all the charts that we do. We know we have this thing called the expanded tech sector. And like when you look at, you know, where is meta and and alphabet there in the comm service? Where is Amazon a Tesla there in the con discretionary sector when you really in tech? It's really Microsoft Apple and the video and some of the chip companies. So, we try to regroup into like what is like true tech to get a real picture of it? And, you know, interestingly, the PE's on that basket today are really not that high, actually. I've now, now you can say like what's going into this earnings number? And even I was just looking at some of how we're reporting earnings growth for the different sectors. You know, it's getting a little bit harder to tease out earnings. Like on alphabet, they had this massive headline beat of like $9 but it was because they'd unrealized gains. Yeah. I think it's well, it's a SpaceX and somebody else, but they, you know, they, they massive, so like, that's not a real ongoing sustainable earnings growth. But, so it is tricky. I got, you got to really look closely at how are you calculating earnings? But, you know, our, our expanded tech sector basket is 24 times. It's like very roughly above its median to the last 30 years or 22 times. It's come way down because earnings growth is off the charts. However, you calculate it, but, you know, they getting to the real sense of earnings growth and also getting a little bit more challenging in these companies. So, we're doing a, a deep dive on an, an all-ver earnings growth figures right now. Well, it's interesting that you brought up where, you know, Google got some of those kickers, right, that, you know, it was a lot of unrealized gains, etc. Think about in video in three to five years. It's going to be like trying to figure out a chip company with a hedge fund on the side. Yeah. They got their own little sovereign wealth fund. That sort of, that's sort of a, that's a little bit, don't let somebody steal that from you Sam. That's a good little catchy. I like that. Well, now, now if you can track in the video to these other high-press killers on catbacks, the video increased to 7 and 25, 5, that was a minute-scaled dividend. So, it was a very minor amount. But it's now like the largest dividend pair, maybe in the US, or it's right up, it's right up there. We call it a value stock. People are saying it's fully priced in the expectations, but it's, it's like basically market-multiple with, I would argue much better earnings growth in the multiple than the market. But so we've put it in value strategies as a top-holding and think it contrasting that versus a kind of crazy methodology from an index provider that has Tesla in the top 10, just because it's growth rates low down. Not that it actually value, but it wasn't pure enough growth. So, because they want to allocate weeks between growth and value, they have Tesla in the top 10. I mean, the video real value, I think Tesla is just more expensive, so growth, not value. So, that is kind of an interesting index nuance that I like to keep pointing out to people. I have pulled up on the other screen to confirm that yes, you're right, Jeremy. People, nobody knows that. What you just said about Nvidia being the number one by sheer dollar volume, nobody on planet earth knows that except for like the four of us. So, yeah, it's Nvidia and then, you know, who's the number two pair? Microsoft, you just don't think of Microsoft and Nvidia, I don't. Maybe it's because you just get old school and you just think of these, you know, these are such exciting companies, but yes, just these companies are so large that the size and scale, these distributions, makes them a real force to be reckoned with on the dividend side. Good. After we hit all your consumer points, when we now, we think, what have I got a miss? I have a mystery survey that I came across and I know you guys have not come across it either. So, I will ask you the line item questions and then you guess and we'll see how stupid you guys are. All right, so take a look at this, nerd wallet. You guys know nerd wallet. Okay, Sam's shaking has had you. I don't. Third wall is like one of these websites you end up on where it's like, it's pretty, it's actually you end up on it with some free, at least I do. And it's telling you about like, um, I don't know, tips to clean up your credit score or, uh, I don't know, how to, what best way to get a mortgage quote, you rust you on something like that. So, a nerd wallet article tells you where to go for that. So, I did got something new. The financial resilience index, I just came across this is like they only have three months of doing the survey. But there were some line items here that I wanted to read you guys and you guys guess and then you tell me what you think in the month of July and this was done with the Harris poll. So, this was like not just like joking, like they'd really put money behind this, I think. Let's see how smarter dummy guys are. On the questions, uh, let's start with this one. When asking these adults July 7 to July 9, do you believe the economy winner or recession in the next 12 months? What percentage do you think said? Yes, this is the general public. 80%. All right, Gnadi says 80. Do we know the demographic breakdown? No, no, but it's the Harris pollster did. They bucket it by, I'm going to assume that all the demographics are consistent with like a midterm elections polling and they've, they've broken it out by boomers and Xers in that type of thing. Now you have to just guess, Gemini, 28. Okay. So, one guy says 81 guys is 28 and Jeremy's being quiet. All right, Jeremy got, you got an answer? Why not cut the middle all just through the average of that? Well, the 50. The Jeremy's the winner. Jeremy's the winner. The answer's 60. Wait, Zimmoth Prath. Listen, look at the fact, baby. I would have thought that some number larger than 60. I don't know how much larger, but I would have thought more people were pessimistic. And then I'll just ask you another line item unless you guys like this. There's five line items here. Do you yourself person who's answering the nerd while it poll? Do you feel in control of your day to day finances? What's the percentage who said yes on that one? The middle wants to think no one feels five, five percent feeling control. Right, right, like a really low number. 77. I didn't even let Jeremy answer. Jeremy, another. Prath was not the wise one. I'll do your 50 on that one, too. How does 77 because all you ever see is, you know, I'm precarious. I can't find a house. I can't get married and have children and all this. How is that 77 percent of people? Well, that's how it was Sam's consumer and Max data. We just figured out how this was done. It was done by landline. Oh, no, no, no, no. All right, let me, let me let me read this. No, it was Harris as a pollster. You know, we should get, if you're listening from Harris, we want you on the show. We're going to bring the Harris pollsters in here to do midterps. That's what we're going to do. There's no way in 2026. They did that by landline. Come on, Sam, you're messing with me. After we've gone to surveys these days, like you got to, you know, the you. Go to the other to the other. No way. There is no way. It's accurate. Plus or minus 2.7 percent of points. No, this is, this is, this is, no, we're good here. This is good. This is, they're doing it. However, they're doing your sample. Do you guys want to do another line item or you've done with this? Okay, why do this line item? Hold on. Yeah. Yeah. Will rely on credit to manage at least some expenses. What percentage of people said, yes, they will to manage their expenses. They will rely on credit. 90 percent. 90. Okay. All right. What do you guys think? I'm sticking down the, they have the share. Every is good at the vibe of baby Sam, don't answer. It's 33. It's 33. I, I would have thought it was some number larger than 33 like half. So, kind of interesting things here, guys. In my opinion, I mean, the one who is 77 says they're, they're filling in control of their day-to-day finances was the reason I brought this up. I just can't believe that 77 percent of the public said that. But I don't know. Maybe they're maybe they're long, you know, people are still employed. Jobs have been good spending. The actual consumer spending data is better than most of the surveys. That's interesting. You got a survey that's pretty positive. So, that's an interesting little barometer for us to come back to out of each show. How does to you nerd wallet? Shout to nerd wallet. Sam, I guess we started close with it. But I think, you know, the big, it seems like the big picture is your headlines at Sunday at 3 p.m. before the market opens. Like it all come back to oil. If oil goes down, rates go down. It helps keep the market bolstered. I mean, I do think it's a real question. Is there a level of the tenure that does get the people to really force assowicators to reallocate and actually pressures the market? We've been kind of resilient to really the tenure your pressure. I felt like five could be an indigestion point. But it's really hard to put say, like is it for 80s? If we're 90s, if five what is the level was the speed of change, whatever. But your, your probability of a positive slope of this Sunday headline? I'll go with the people who feel in charge of their finance this all go proxmoly 77%. Nice. We have a 77% probability positive developments, but good trend better. That could be, you know, it's sort of not chasing the oil price. Even the lot people say, hey, get some oil because it's the perfect macro hedge to everything else. Hey, there could there could be a cost ahead. You buy something and buy insurance could be costly. So, you know, it could be costly, good long oil, but very interesting. And when you have rates doing what they're doing in inflation expectations, doing what they're doing and fed fun futures, so for, et cetera, beginning to price in more hawkishness, one of the better ways to edge aid and the conflict and those moving in the opposite direction is probably gold. We've been talking gold, the bottoming and gold. We've been putting about a bunch of content on that that that looks like a bottoming formula. I was on a few different shows this week talking about that. And in bonds, I think there's, there's, there's coming to be a level where they are being a good hedge actually again towards some of the key risks. Obviously, it, they could create risk if they, they did so or higher, like we just talked about to five could be a digestion bud. I do think they're hedging some of the downside again, positive, you know, got a very positive. We talked about for a while how the term premium, 10 year-verse fed fun was way too low. One of the reasons why we went to fed to cut, you know, year ago. But now, 100 based points, basically, right at its long term adbit, just actually a perfect term premium between the fed funds and the 10 year. So very comfortable, very normal, very healthy level of rates, where they are right now on the 10 year. So with that, guys, always fun. This is the fun one today. We'll see you all next week. Thanks for listening. Please subscribe and leave us a rating to help others find the show. You can follow and get with us on Twitter. I am at Jeremy D Schwartz. Sam is at Samuel Rines and Jeff is at Jeff Winner. Jeff, Chris and I are registered representatives of foresight fund services or discussion today was not tied to a wholesale of any investment products. Have a great week.