This time's theme is Dankei Dancy is Dancy, Dancy is a boy.
"Dankei" means "dankei" means that you can get rid of the standing person's chisuji.
Lately, the term ``danke-dancy'' has become commonplace in discussions about public offices, especially in discussions about Ten no Higao.
In this law, it is written that ``danke dancy'' cannot be seen by the sun or the heavens.
Therefore, the only people in the next generation who will be in heaven are Nissajin-sama.
You might think that this is something like heaven's peace or something that should be decided by the person in charge of the composition, but this is something that cannot be done in the Japanese way of creating health.
Well, then, the country's group collection is Osama.
Therefore, we cannot decide for ourselves.
Well, representatives of all the lay people gathered and had a discussion.
This is what we're talking about, so to speak, but since we're talking about Ten no Ketto, which is a symbol of Japan, we decided to let everyone share their opinions as much as possible, so it took a while, but we finally came to an agreement.
yes.
What does this mean? 9. Miyagata was a member of a high-ranking prince in 1947, but he was 15.
There are 11 of them.
yes.
Well, it's said that compared to the current Emperor, it's a little far away, but in any case, the amount of land for that Emperor has already subtracted.
However, since they are not of high altitude, these people do not have the form of a high standard.
There is that.
So, well, we made it so that female princes could stay as princes when they got married.
However, that alone is not enough, so we decided to increase the number of people a little more, and we decided to secure people who would return to Kimiko from those who were forced to watch 9/11, by making them the key points.
Among the members of the Diet, representatives become the Minister of Land and other positions, and the term "government" is often used, but that is the government.
After all, I don't have any part in 9, Miyake, but if there is one, I don't know anything about it.
This, this, this kind of person is doing a lot of things, and when it was decided that life was life and that he would not be here in the future, why did he enter Aichi's public office?
There are a lot of things wrong with this, but I thought it would be good to kill 9, 9, 4, 4, and since there were so many, I thought it would be good to share them among everyone.
However, it was only in the Meiji era that this stage of danzi came to be known.
In other words, until the Edo period, there were women in heaven.
However, this time, out of the 9 people, only the stage danshi will be Tennohira Station, which is why it is so popular that there must be something for people to do here.
As for why I'm so particular about it, there are a lot of people who think that way.
Well, up until now, Tennohira Station has been a stage for everyone, so there are some people who think that's not a bad idea.