What would happen if you tried to measure dreams?
Second, we learned who those dreams are for.
And third, we learned how people perceived institutions as helping them achieve those dreams.
We learned that most Filipinos actually didn't feel like public and private institutions were helping them achieve their dreams.
Why have I been tried to measure dreams?
And I wonder, in how many other countries in the world this is actually happening, or what we call development, it's really just watching some numbers somewhere going up into the right, but people on the ground feel nowhere closer to where they're actually trying to go, then they were yesterday, where the only way up is out.
And I think that's what measuring dreams can do for us.
It looks at how people came up with their dreams, how they graduate to bigger ones, and when they decide to give up on all dreams.
Imagine the Department of Dreams could work with the Department of Health to measure how health care emergencies affect ambition.
The Department of Dreams could work with the Department of Trade and Industry to ensure that when people say they have these dream businesses, they actually get the tools to create them, or with the Department of Labor to ensure that the jobs of people say they want are the same jobs that are being created.
Imagine how much better the world would be if everyone was obsessed with helping each other achieve their dreams and somehow there was a government official somewhere accountable for making that happen.
There's so much more we still want to do when our work in measuring dreams and we're really just getting started.
For one, we hope to run this survey every few years to see how these dreams change over time.
We also want to run the survey in other markets to see how the Filipino dream might be different from the Malaysian dream or the immorality dream and encourage governments and companies around the world to begin taking dreams more seriously.
So let's measure dreams.
Let's measure what people dream of and how the content of those dreams changes over time.
Let's measure how much progress people feel like they made versus last year and how much more progress they think they'll make looking into next year.
And then let's measure whether people perceive institutions as helping them or holding them back from achieving those dreams.