You're listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. What do you want to be when you grow up is a universal question, and yet at some point we stop being asked, instead it becomes what do you do, or how much do you make, where are you going on vacation? We've become really good at hitting metrics, but we're never ours to begin with. In climbing a ladder, there was designed by those who were already sitting on top of it. Consumer research or Lance Coddigbach decided to ask a different kind of question. Not how fast is your economy growing, but what do people actually dream of or aspire to? In this talk, he shares what he found and makes the case for something that doesn't exist yet. We all still want to be something when we grow up. Every country has the Department of Defense. Why can we have a Department of Dreams? It's coming up right after a short break. Change is hard, whether you're in the middle of it, still making sense of it, or quietly dreading it, you're not alone. A slight change of plans hosted by behavioral scientists and previous TED Talks speaker Dr. Maya Shanker is a podcast built for exactly that moment. Most of us have faced a moment that changes everything, an accident, an illness, a relationship that suddenly ends. On a slight change of plans, Maya talks with people who've lived through major upheaval and with leading scientists about how our brains process change so we can learn to grow through uncertainty, not just endure it. Maya recently joined TED Talks Daily for a conversation with Simone Stoltzoth about embracing uncertainty and how doing so can lead to resilience, growth, and new possibilities. Find that episode right here in this feed, then hear more from Maya on a slight change of plans. A slight change of plans available for free wherever you get your podcasts. And now our TED Talk of the day. What do you want to be when you grow up? At age four, I wanted to become a computer scientist. At five, a vacuum cleaner salesman. At six, a priest. At 17, and a ward winning filmmaker. In a 22, when it was finally time to decide in my first job, I became a management consultant. What do you want to be when you grow up? I'm sure everyone here has been asked some version of that question, but perhaps not recently. Somehow the questions have changed. What do you do for work? How much money do you make? Where are you going on your next vacation? We've become obsessed with asking these types of questions to measure even our nation's productivity. We track growth rates, remittances, and exports. Without really asking if these numbers reflect the lives that people are trying to live. I see the problems with the system at home in the Philippines. Our GDP is soaring. But we're doing it in a way, it doesn't quite align with the kind of lives that people want to live. For one, we sent millions of people abroad to take care of other people's parents and children. And we trained millions more to stay awake while their family serves sleep, so they can be up all night answering phone calls from halfway across the world about how much money is in their bank account. And somehow we're rewarded for it. We're told that we're southeast Asia's second fastest-going economy. In a few years, we'll be upgraded to an upper middle income country. As a nation, we've become really good at hitting metrics. So we're never ours to begin with. In climbing a ladder, there was a design by those who were already sitting on top of it. But what would happen if you asked for the Pino's what metrics mattered to them? What would happen if you tried to measure dreams? Last year, my colleagues and I at BCG ran a nationwide, nationally representative survey to answer this very question. Now, look, no client had ever asked us about dreams. But if you look at the websites and mission statements of the country's largest businesses, all of them are trying to connect their work to national development in some way. And so we knew that even if nobody was asking the question, the answer was one that many people would be interested in. We discovered three things. First, we discovered what the Filipino dream was. The number one ranked dream across all socioeconomic segments was to achieve financial security to absorb health scarce. What we learned more than that, we also heard stories. We heard stories like that of Tidrey, 26 year old preschool teacher, who dreams of becoming a beauty queen, a host, a politician, putting a hair salon just like her grandmother. But right now, Tidrey kind of fought to do that, because she still has to help pay for her grandfather's health care bills, because he just had a stroke. Second, we learned who those dreams are for. Most Filipinos don't actually dream for themselves. They dream for their extended family. We met people like Joey, 56 year old radio technician, who works from 2am to 11pm most nights. He lives in a boarding house close to the station, given the demands of his job, but still wants to be a farmer, a social worker, and high school teacher. But he really wants to retire, but every time he asks his company, they say, not yet. Right now, you didn't really have a choice, because he still has to finish paying for his daughter's education. And third, we learned how people perceived institutions as helping them achieve those dreams. We learned that most Filipinos actually didn't feel like public and private institutions were helping them achieve their dreams. And so they could only rely on themselves. We met people like Sweden, 35 year old new supporter, who spent years moving from one field assignment to another. But when she had her first child, she decided to stay home and start a children's clothing business from her garage, believing that making and selling children's clothes online would be a better way of creating financial stability for her family. Today, she dreams of opening up a flagship store in a mall for her business, and of buying a second home in the mountains for her family. Tidry, Joey, Sweden, and 1,500 other Filipinos who interviewed also want to be something when they grow up. And their dreams seem so achievable. But some out of them, they still feel out of reach. We shared this report with clients, the business community, media, even government officials. And every single time they asked us a question, why hasn't this been done before? Why have I been tried to measure dreams? Look, there are many reasons. But I think it's because those of the power to ask the question, think they already know the answer. In every single form, or a vast question, what do you think is the number one for the Pino Dream? I've never seen the most senior person in the room answer it correctly. They usually guess something safe, like the buy house, or something generic like the have a happy family. Let's say about 5% of people guess it, and it's usually somebody more junior. Somebody who grew up in a lowering-come family and worked their way up the ladder. And I wonder, in how many other countries in the world this is actually happening, or what we call development, it's really just watching some numbers somewhere going up into the right, but people on the ground feel nowhere closer to where they're actually trying to go, then they were yesterday, where the only way up is out. But wait, we already have something better than GDP right. Doesn't grow as national happiness measure the same thing? Look, with tons of you in age, I think has really redefined development for them. It's asked whether people are happy, whether their culture is thriving, and whether they feel spiritually fulfilled. But being happy today is very different from feeding like you're coming closer to your dreams. But we're talking about the most obsessed countries in the world with measuring happiness, but about 10% of their skills and educated population immigrated in 2022. Maybe that's the problem with measuring happiness. I could be happy today because I've got everything I need and things are going well, but I might not actually be closer to where I'm trying to go. And I think that's what measuring dreams can do for us. Look, not only at how we feel today, but at the vector of that progress over time. And I don't think what I'm suggesting is too far off. After all, most of us here already work for companies that have HR departments that measure the progression of our employees. So why could our countries have HR departments that measure the personal ambition and fulfillment of its citizens? If every country has that apartment of defense, why can we have a department of dreams? Imagine this, the annual aspiration of the nation report presented by the Secretary of Dreams. It looks at what people dream of by age, but income group, by geography. It looks at how people came up with their dreams, how they graduate to bigger ones, and when they decide to give up on all dreams. Imagine national dream centers where you could attend trainings on making personal progress, or social workers trained as life coaches who can help keep you on track. Imagine the Department of Dreams could work with the Department of Health to measure how health care emergencies affect ambition. Could we not improve health care outcomes if you took a lens at how these emergencies affect ambition and motivation? The Department of Dreams could work with the Department of Trade and Industry to ensure that when people say they have these dream businesses, they actually get the tools to create them, or with the Department of Labor to ensure that the jobs of people say they want are the same jobs that are being created. Or with the Department of Education to train future students for those dream jobs, look, I understand that there are free markets, but could we not imagine a world where people said I want to become a writer or a historian or an astronaut or a psychiatrist and government said, sure, we'll find a way to make that happen. Imagine how much better the world would be if everyone was obsessed with helping each other achieve their dreams and somehow there was a government official somewhere accountable for making that happen. There's so much more we still want to do when our work in measuring dreams and we're really just getting started. For one, we hope to run this survey every few years to see how these dreams change over time. We also want to run the survey in other markets to see how the Filipino dream might be different from the Malaysian dream or the immorality dream and encourage governments and companies around the world to begin taking dreams more seriously. So let's measure dreams. Let's measure what people dream of and how the content of those dreams changes over time. Let's measure how much progress people feel like they made versus last year and how much more progress they think they'll make looking into next year. And then let's measure whether people perceive institutions as helping them or holding them back from achieving those dreams. Then let's create the conditions that allow people to truly live their dreams. After all, we all still want to be something when we grow up. Thank you. That was Lance Coddegbach at TED at BCG in 2025. If you're curious about TED's curation, visit TED.com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is a podcast from TED. This episode was fact checked by the TED research team and produced and edited by Hour team, Martha Estafano's Oliver Friedman, Lucy Little, Emma Topner, and Tonsica Sankler-Neevom. Additional support from Danielle Aballa Rezo, Christopher Faisy-Bogan, Valentina Bohanini, Band Band Chang, Brian Green, and Laney Lot. Learn more at podcast.tad.com. I am Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. On the TED Radio Hour, online dropper, Apparna Metta used to get a lot of packages delivered to her door. Oh, per week? 12, 15. Whoa, sorry. But I didn't think I was doing anything wrong. Look, the store is making it possible for me to order as many as I want and return back what I don't want. Shopping and the state of fashion. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR, subscribe or listen to the TED Radio Hour wherever you get your podcasts.