Last year, my colleagues and I at BCG ran a nationwide, nationally representative survey to answer this very question. Now, look, no client had ever asked us about dreams. But if you look at the websites and mission statements of the country's largest businesses, all of them are trying to connect their work to national development in some way. And so we knew that even if nobody was asking the question, the answer was one that many people would be interested in. We discovered three things. First, we discovered what the Filipino dream was. The number one ranked dream across all socioeconomic segments was to achieve financial security to absorb health scarce. What we learned more than that, we also heard stories. We heard stories like that of Tidrey, 26 year old preschool teacher, who dreams of becoming a beauty queen, a host, a politician, putting a hair salon just like her grandmother. But right now, Tidrey kind of fought to do that, because she still has to help pay for her grandfather's health care bills, because he just had a stroke. Second, we learned who those dreams are for. Most Filipinos don't actually dream for themselves. They dream for their extended family. We met people like Joey, 56 year old radio technician, who works from 2am to 11pm most nights. He lives in a boarding house close to the station, given the demands of his job, but still wants to be a farmer, a social worker, and high school teacher. But he really wants to retire, but every time he asks his company, they say, not yet. Right now, you didn't really have a choice, because he still has to finish paying for his daughter's education. And third, we learned how people perceived institutions as helping them achieve those dreams. We learned that most Filipinos actually didn't feel like public and private institutions were helping them achieve their dreams. And so they could only rely on themselves. We met people like Sweden, 35 year old new supporter, who spent years moving from one field assignment to another. But when she had her first child, she decided to stay home and start a children's clothing business from her garage, believing that making and selling children's clothes online would be a better way of creating financial stability for her family. Today, she dreams of opening up a flagship store in a mall for her business, and of buying a second home in the mountains for her family. Tidry, Joey, Sweden, and 1,500 other Filipinos who interviewed also want to be something when they grow up. And their dreams seem so achievable. But some out of them, they still feel out of reach. We shared this report with clients, the business community, media, even government officials. And every single time they asked us a question, why hasn't this been done before?